  Pharmacokinetics (PK): The PK concentration population was defined as all participants randomized and treated who had at least 1 concentration in at least 1 treatment period. The PK parameter analysis population was defined as all participants randomized and treated who had at least 1 of the bosutinib PK parameters of primary interest in at least 1 treatment period. Natural logarithm-transformed bosutinib AUC , AUC and C were analyzed using a inf last max mixed effect model with sequence, period and treatment as fixed effects and participant within sequence as a random effect. Estimates of the adjusted mean differences (Test-Reference) and corresponding 90% confidence intervals (CIs) were obtained from the model. The adjusted mean differences and 90% CIs for the differences were exponentiated to provide estimates of the ratio of adjusted geometric means (Test/Reference) and 90% CIs for the ratios. The following 2 comparisons were performed:  Treatment A (bosutinib capsule content mixed with applesauce [Test]) vs Treatment C (bosutinib intact capsules [Reference])  Treatment B (bosutinib capsule content mixed with yogurt [Test]) vs Treatment C (bosutinib intact capsules [Reference]) The plasma PK parameters AUC , C , AUC , time to reach C (T ), apparent inf max last max max clearance after oral dose (CL/F), apparent volume of distribution after oral dose (V /F) and z terminal phase half-life (t ) of bosutinib were summarized descriptively by treatment. ½ Safety: The safety analysis set was defined as all participants randomly assigned to study intervention and who took at least 1 dose of study intervention. AEs, electrocardiogram (ECG), blood pressure (BP), pulse rate, and safety laboratory data were reviewed and summarized on an ongoing basis during the study to evaluate the safety of participants. Clinical laboratory, ECG, BP, and pulse rate abnormalities of potential clinical concern were described. Safety data were presented in tabular and/or graphical format and summarized descriptively, where appropriate. Taste assessment: The taste assessment analysis set was defined as all participants randomly assigned to study intervention and who took at least 1 dose of study intervention with a soft food. The sensory attributes (overall liking, mouth feel, bitterness, tongue/mouth burn) from the Bosutinib Taste Assessment Questionnaire were listed and descriptively summarized by soft point, summarizing all attributes for each soft food were generated. Box plots of each attribute were plotted against the time points. The categorical summary (frequency and percentage) was provided. Methodology: This was a Phase 1, open-label, randomized, single dose, 3-period, 6-sequence, crossover study in approximately 18 healthy participants. Participants were randomized to 1 of the 6 sequences of treatment described in Table S2. Since the mean plasma elimination t of bosutinib is approximately 34 hours (range 18 to ½ 55 hours), there was a minimum 14-day washout period between successive doses of bosutinib. Table S2. Study Design and Treatments Treatment A (Test): Contents of 500 mg (100 mg × 5) bosutinib capsules mixed with 45 mL of applesauce under fed condition. Treatment B (Test): Contents of 500 mg (100 mg × 5) bosutinib capsules mixed with 45 mL of full fat yogurt under fed condition. Treatment C (Reference): 500 mg (100 mg × 5) bosutinib intact capsules under fed condition. Number of Participants (planned and analyzed): Approximately 18 participants (3 participants per sequence) were planned to be enrolled to study intervention. A total of 18 participants were assigned to study intervention, 16 of whom received all the 3 randomized treatment by sequence and completed the study. All 18 participants received the study treatment of bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule, while 16 participants received the study treatment of bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce and 17 participants received the study treatment of bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with yogurt. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion and Exclusion: Healthy adult participants were enrolled in the study. Study Interventions, Dose, Mode of Administration, and Batch Number(s): For this study, the study intervention was bosutinib, which was administered as intact capsules or capsule contents mixed with 45 mL of applesauce or yogurt. Bosutinib 100 mg capsules were supplied to the Pfizer clinical research unit (PCRU) in multi-dose containers and administered to participants in single dose labeled containers. The bottles were provided to the site for dispensing by the pharmacy. On Day 1 of each period, following an overnight fast of at least 10 hours, the participants received a high-fat and high-calorie breakfast approximately 30 minutes prior to dosing which should have been completely consumed within approximately 20 minutes. The participants then received the study intervention at approximately 0800 hours (±2 hours), approximately 10 minutes after the completion of the breakfast. The manufacturing lot number for the study intervention dispensed in this study is provided in Table S3. Table S3. Study Intervention Information Investigational Product Vendor Lot Pfizer Lot Strength/Potency Dosage Form Description Number Number PF-05208763 100 mg Size 0 201293130 20-DP-00370 100 mg capsule (white opaque /Swedish orange opaque) hard gelatin capsule Duration of Study Intervention: The participants were in the study for up to approximately 13 weeks, including the screening and follow-up periods. Participants were screened within 28 days prior to the first dose of the intervention and if all study entry criteria were fulfilled, the participants would report to the PCRU on the day prior to Day 1 dosing (Day -1) of Period 1. Participants were confined in the PCRU for a minimum of 5 days until completion of the 72-hour PK sample collection on Day 4 in each period. Since the mean plasma elimination t½ of bosutinib is approximately 34 hours (range 18 to 55 hours), there was a minimum 14-day washout period between successive doses of bosutinib. A follow-up phone call was made at least 28 calendar days and up to 35 calendar days after the last administration of the study intervention to capture any potential AEs, prior/concomitant treatments and confirm appropriate contraceptive usage. Summary of Results: Demographic and Other Baseline Characteristics: Of the 18 participants enrolled, . The median (range) age was 32.0 (21, 54) years. All participants were not Hispanic or Latino. All participants were White. Exposure: The duration of treatment was 1 day for all participants in each treatment period. Safety Results: The number of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) were comparable between the 3 treatments, the majority were considered as treatment-related. Eleven participants (out of 16) experienced TEAEs (24 total) when dosed with bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce; 20 TEAEs reported by 9 participants were determined to be treatment-related by the investigator. Fourteen participants (out of 17) experienced TEAEs (38 total) when dosed with bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with yogurt; 27 TEAEs reported by 12 participants were determined to be treatment-related by the investigator. Fifteen participants (out of 18) experienced TEAEs (39 total) when dosed with bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule; 35 TEAEs reported by 15 participants were determined to be treatment-related by the investigator. There were no SAEs or severe TEAEs during the study. No participant had discontinuation from study due to TEAEs. All TEAEs were mild or moderate in severity. The most frequently reported (≥3 participants) all-causality TEAEs in participants receiving bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce were diarrhoea, abdominal discomfort, and fatigue. The most frequently reported (≥3 participants) all-causality TEAEs in participants receiving bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with yogurt were diarrhoea, nausea, abdominal discomfort, and fatigue. The most frequently reported (≥3 participants) all-causality TEAEs in participants receiving bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule were diarrhoea, nausea, abdominal discomfort, abdominal pain. The most frequently reported (≥3 participants) treatment-related TEAEs across the 3 treatments were similar to the all-causality TEAEs described above. No clinically meaningful trends were observed with the treatment of bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule or bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce or yogurt in laboratory data. No clinically meaningful findings in vital signs measurements, ECGs or other observations related to safety were observed in this study. The assessments and observations were comparable across treatments. Pharmacokinetic Results: Following administration of single oral doses of 500 mg bosutinib to healthy adult participants under fed condition, median bosutinib plasma concentration-time profiles were nearly identical between the reference intact capsule formulation and the test formulations of capsule contents mixed with applesauce or yogurt. The plasma bosutinib exposure based on geometric mean AUC (AUC and AUC ) and inf last C were similar across administration methods/vehicles. The observed median T values max max were 6.00 hours for all treatments. Mean elimination t were nearly identical (approximately ½ 36 hours) regardless of whether opened capsule contents were mixed with soft foods (applesauce or yogurt) or administered intact. Variability in bosutinib plasma exposure based on geometric %CV were similar between all treatments and ranged from 27% to 33% for C and 23% to 32% for AUC . max inf Relative bioavailability of bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce compared to bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule (approximately 106% and 97% for AUC and inf C , respectively) and bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with yogurt compared to max bosutinib 500 mg intact capsule (approximately 102% and 95% for AUC and C , inf max respectively) indicate similar pharmacokinetics following bosutinib administration with these vehicles under fed condition Table S4. This will help inform dose administration recommendations for capsule contents when intact capsules cannot be administered. As the 90% CI for the ratios (opened capsule contents mixed with soft food [Test]/intact capsule [Reference]) of adjusted geometric means for AUC , AUC and C were all contained inf last max within the acceptance criteria for bioequivalence (80%, 125%); it can be concluded there is no impact of capsule administration via opened contents mixed with either applesauce or yogurt compared to administration of intact capsules under fed condition. AUC (ng hr/mL) 3198 3011 106.23 (97.54, 115.68) Taste Sensory Attribute Assessment Results: In the taste sensory attribute assessment, higher scores indicate a worse taste and lower value corresponds to better taste (score range: 0-100). Immediately after dosing the mean for overall liking (51.677 and 59.255) and bitterness (54.229 and 59.685) scores were numerically higher than the mouth feel (40.854 and 41.715) and tongue/mouth burn (20.389 and 16.679) scores for both treatments. Scores across all attributes decreased within 5 minutes post-dose, indicating the improvement of overall liking, mouth feel, bitterness and tongue/mouth burn over time. Overall, both treatments were considered as good/like taste (mean visual analogue scale [VAS] score <60) for each sensory attribute (overall liking, mouth feel, bitterness and tongue/mouth burn) at each of the 4 time points. Conclusions: PK: Bosutinib 500 mg capsule contents mixed with applesauce or yogurt (test treatments) exhibit comparable pharmacokinetics to the 500 mg bosutinib intact capsule under fed condition in healthy adult participants. Safety: Bosutinib was generally well tolerated in healthy participants in all treatments, and all TEAEs were mild or moderate in severity. There were no clinically significant laboratory abnormalities, vital signs or ECG parameters. Taste Assessment: The sensory attributes (overall liking, mouth feel, bitterness and tongue/mouth burn) for bosutinib mixed with applesauce and bosutinib mixed with yogurt, were considered good/like (mean VAS score <60) for each sensory attribute at each of the 4 time points. 