SYNOPSIS Study Title: An Open Label, Phase 1, Two-Arm Study to Assess Target Occupancy and Functional Inhibition of JAK3 and TEC Kinases by Single Doses of Ritlecitinib in Healthy Adult Participants Study Number: B7981045 Regulatory Agency or Public Disclosure Identifier Number: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT05128058 Study Phase: 1 Name of Study Intervention: Ritlecitinib Name of Sponsor/Company: Pfizer Inc. CSR Version and Report Date: Final CSR Version 1.0, 19 May 2022 Number of Study Center(s) and Investigator(s): A total of 16 participants were enrolled at a Pfizer clinical research unit (PCRU) in the United States. A list of study center and investigators involved in this study is provided in Appendix 16.1.4.1. Publications: None. Study Period: Study Initiation Date (First Participant First Visit): 22 October 2021 Study Completion Date (Last Participant Last Visit): 14 January 2022 This study was neither discontinued nor interrupted. Rationale: This study aimed to assess the target coverage/target occupancy (TO) by ritlecitinib of 2 distinct families of kinases that are irreversibly bound (Janus kinase 3 [JAK3] and tyrosine kinase expressed carcinoma [TEC] kinases). In addition to TO, the study included an assessment of the effect of ritlecitinib on pathways that functionally depend on either JAK3 or TEC kinases. Although these functional assays were designed to demonstrate the dual inhibition of JAK3/TEC by ritlecitinib, a quantitative comparison of JAK3 vs TEC inhibition was not feasible given the major differences in the assays performed (ie, timing of assays and nature of the biological readouts vis-a-vis the cellular stimulation). Objectives, Endpoints, and Statistical Methods: Study objectives and endpoints are listed in Table S1. Statistical methods are summarized below: PK and PD: The PK concentration population was defined as all participants enrolled and treated who have at least 1 concentration of ritlecitinib. The PD population was defined as all enrolled and treated who have at least 1 TO measurement. Safety: Safety Analysis Set: All participants who took at least 1 dose of study interventional. Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Abbreviations: AUC = area under the plasma concentration-time profile from time 0 to the time of the last last quantifiable concentration (C ), AUC = area under the plasma concentration-time curve from time 0 to 24 last 24 hours, BMX = bone marrow tyrosine kinase gene in chromosome X, BTK = Bruton’s tyrosine kinase, C = av average plasma concentration from time 0 to the time of the last quantifiable concentration, CD = cluster of differentiation, C = plasma concentration at 48 hours post-dose, C = maximum observed concentration, last max IC = Ritlecitinib plasma concentrations at 50% TO , ITK = interleukin-2 inducible T-cell kinase, MFI = 50 max mean fluorescence intensity, PBMC = peripheral blood mononuclear cells, pSTAT5 = phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 5, RLK = resting lymphocyte kinase, TEAE = treatment emergent adverse event, TO = maximal inhibition (occupancy) by ritlecitinib, T = time for C , TXK = tyrosine max max max kinase expressed in T cells. Percent TO, baseline corrected percent change in CD69 MFI on B cells and baseline corrected percent change in STAT5 phosphorylation MFI on T cells were planned to be assessed graphically and summarized by nominal timepoints using descriptive statistics. In addition, relationship between TO and plasma exposure of ritlecitinib was planned to be assessed graphically and suitable exposure-response population models were planned to be explored to quantify the relationship. Methodology: This was a Phase 1, open label, parallel group, 2-arm study to assess target occupancy and functional inhibition of JAK3 and TEC kinases by single doses of ritlecitinib in healthy adult participants. Participants were enrolled to received either 50 mg or 200 mg single dose of ritlecitinib on Day 1. Blood samples to assess ritlecitinib PK, TO, and functional assays were collected over 48 hours. This synopsis includes all safety, PK and PD data as of last participant last visit (LPLV), with database release on 20 Jan 2022. Number of Participants (planned and analyzed): A total of approximately 16 healthy male and/or female participants, 8 in each cohort, were planned to be enrolled and dosed to achieve at least 6 participants completing each dose level. A total of 16 participants were assigned to the study. All participants received study intervention and completed the study. Per protocol and statistical analysis plan (SAP), all participants were included in the PK concentration population, PD population and safety analysis sets. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion and Exclusion: Enrolled in this study were healthy adult participants of 18 to 60 years of age, inclusive, at the time of signing the informed consent document (ICD) and with body mass index (BMI) of 17.5-30.5 kg/m2 and total body weight >50 kg (110 lb). Study Intervention, Dose, Mode of Administration, and Batch Number(s): Participants were enrolled to received either 50 mg or 200 mg single dose of ritlecitinib on Each 50 mg dose was administered as a single 50 mg capsule. Each 200 mg dose was administered as four 50 mg capsules. The study intervention was supplied to the clinical research unit (CRU) in bulk along with individual dosing containers for unit dosing. The study intervention was presented to the participants in individual dosing containers. Following an overnight fast of at least 10 hours, participants received study intervention (50 mg for Cohort 1 and 200 mg for Cohort 2) orally at approximately 0800 hours (plus or minus 2 hours) on Day 1. Investigator site personnel administered study intervention with ambient temperature water to a total volume of approximately 240 mL. Study drug information is provided in Table S2. Table S2. Study Intervention Administered Investigational Product Vendor Lot Pfizer Lot Strength/Po Dosage Description Number Number tency Form PF-06651600-15 50 mg DC5781 20-001221 50 mg Capsule Yellow/Blue Hypromellose Capsule Duration of Study Intervention: This was a single dose study and the planned duration of treatment was 1 day. Summary of Results: Demographic and Other Baseline Characteristics: There were 10 male participants and 6 female participants enrolled. The participants were among the age of 24-56 years with a mean age of 40.9 years. Most of the participants (93.8%) were not Hispanic or Latino. The mean (standard deviation [SD]) BMI was 25.0 (3.05) kg/m2. Exposure: This was a single dose study and the planned duration of treatment was 1 day for the ritlecitinib 50 mg capsule group and ritlecitinib 200 mg capsule group. Safety Results: A total of 6 adverse events (AEs) were reported; 4 AEs for 3 participants in the ritlecitinib 50 mg group and 2 AEs for 2 participants in the ritlecitinib 200 mg group. No participants reported treatment-related AEs. No serious adverse events (SAEs), severe AEs, discontinuations from study or treatment due to AEs, dose reductions or temporary discontinuations due to AEs were reported in this study. AE preferred term each was reported in 1 participant (Table S3). All AEs were mild in severity. There were no deaths in this study. None of the laboratory abnormalities were reported as AEs or considered to be clinically significant by investigator. No clinically meaningful changes in vital signs measurements or ECGs were observed in this study. Pharmacokinetic Results: The following plasma ritlecitinib PK parameters (Table S4) were calculated for each participant and treatment, as applicable, using noncompartmental analysis of plasma concentration-time data. Samples below the lower limit of quantitation were set to 0 for analysis. Actual sample collection times were used for the PK analysis. PK parameters are summarized descriptively in Table S5. Following administration of single oral dose of ritlecitinib 50 mg and 200 mg, C were observed at a median T of 1 hour. max max The AUC values were found to be 681.8 and 3475 ng•hr/mL following 50 mg and 200 mg 24 of ritlecitinib administration, respectively. AUC , C and C values increased in an last av max approximately dose proportionally manner from 50 mg to 200 mg of ritlecitinib. Table S4. Pharmacokinetic Parameters Determined in Study B7981045 Parameter Definition Method of Determination AUC Area under the plasma concentration-time curve Linear/Log trapezoidal method 24 from time 0 to 24 hours AUC Area under the plasma concentration-time profile Linear/Log trapezoidal method last from time 0 to the time of the last quantifiable concentration (C ) last Cav Average plasma concentration from time 0 to 24 AUC24/24 hours over the 24 hours period C Last quantifiable plasma concentration Observed directly from data lastC Maximum observed concentration Observed directly from data maxT Time for C Observed directly from data as time max max of first occurrence PK parameter values were calculated using an internally validated software system, oNCA (version 2.4.33). Tmax (hr) 1.00 (1.00 - 2.00) 1.00 (1.00 - 2.00) Pharmacodynamic Results: Percent Target Occupancy (%TO) by Ritlecitinib Target occupancy of JAK3 by ritlecitinib did not demonstrate a dose-dependent effect in the TO magnitude, and the maximal median JAK3 TO observed was lower than the TEC kinases (maximal median JAK3 TO of 72% and 64% for ritlecitinib 50 mg group and ritlecitinib 200 mg group, respectively). Lower levels of JAK3 TO at 1 H post dose for the ritlecitinib 200 mg dose compared to 50 mg were observed and the mechanism for this lower JAK3 TO could be either assay technical issues or biological, however a clear rationale has not been identified. The maximal JAK3 TO for the 200 mg ritlecitinib group was observed at 2 H post dose, and there was a dose-dependent increase in the duration of JAK3 TO by ritlecitinib. There was notably minimal JAK3 TO observed after 2 H post dose for the ritlecitinib 50 mg dose group, compared to sustained moderate JAK3 TO (30-50%) observed through 48 H post dose at the 200 mg dose. For the 5 TEC kinases there was a dose-dependent increase in TO by ritlecitinib for the magnitude of occupancy, and the maximal median TO for the 50 mg dose >94% was observed in all TEC kinases except BMX (TO of 87% observed in the 50 mg group). The maximal median TO of >97% was observed in all TEC kinases for the 200 mg dose. There were similar dose-dependent effects on the duration of TO for the TEC kinases, although biological variability in the duration of TO was observed due to differences in individual TEC family member target turnover. BMX, BTK and TEC had notably sustained TO through 24-48 H post dose, compared to ITK and TXK which demonstrated a more rapid return to minimal TO.  JAK3: Median %TO for JAK3 in the ritlecitinib 50 mg group peaked at 1 H post dose, followed by rapid decrease until 8 H, and remained undetectable through 48 H. The median %TO was below 0 after 4 H. Median %TO for JAK3 in the ritlecitinib 200 mg group peaked at 2 H post dose, followed by decrease until 24 H, and plateaued through to 48 H.  BTK: Median %TO for BTK in both ritlecitinib 50 mg and 200 mg groups rapidly increased from 0 H to 1 H post dose and peaked at 1 H (around 100%), followed by mild decrease until 48 H, with high levels of %TO maintained. The results for median %TO were generally similar in the 2 dose levels.  ITK: Median %TO for ITK rapidly increased from 0 H to 1 H post dose and peaked at 1 H (ritlecitinib 50 mg group) and 2 H (ritlecitinib 200 mg group), followed by decrease until 48 H, for both groups, with the 50 mg group more rapidly returning to baseline levels of minimal TO by 24 H. The median %TO was higher in the ritlecitinib 200 mg group than ritlecitinib 50 mg group since 1 H.  TEC: Median %TO for TEC rapidly increased from 0 H to 1 H post dose and peaked at 1 H (around 100%), followed by mild decrease until 48 H. The results for median %TO were generally similar in the 2 dosing groups, with high levels of %TO maintained.  TXK: Median %TO for TXK rapidly increased from 0 H to 1 H post dose and peaked at 1 H, followed by a decrease until 48 H, with greater rapidity of TO declination observed in the 50 mg group (minimal TO by 48 H). The median %TO was higher in the ritlecitinib 200 mg group than ritlecitinib 50 mg group since 2 H.  BMX: Median %TO for BMX in ritlecitinib 50 mg group generally increased over time with peak at 8 H post dose, and in ritlecitinib 200 mg group it rapidly increased from 0 H to 1 H and peaked at 1 H and sustained through 24 H, followed by a modest decrease in both the ritlecitinib 50 mg and 200 mg groups. The median %TO for BMX was generally higher in the ritlecitinib 200 mg group compared with the ritlecitinib 50 mg group. Effect of Ritlecitinib on JAK3-Dependent Signaling Functional inhibition of JAK3 signaling over time was measured by inhibition of phosphorylated signal transducer and activator of transcription 5 (pSTAT5) in T-cells following ex vivo treatment with the JAK3-dependent cytokine interleukin (IL)-15. JAK3- dependent induction of pSTAT5 following IL-15 treatment demonstrates near complete inhibition by ritlecitinib at both doses where the maximum median inhibition was 98% and >99% for the ritlecitinib 50 mg group and ritlecitinib 200 mg group, respectively. Ritlecitinib demonstrated a dose-dependent increase in the duration of pSTAT5 inhibition observed between 1 H and 24 H post dose, with prolonged functional inhibition observed at the 200 mg dose level. pSTAT5 activity returned to near baseline levels by 8 H and 24 H for the 50 mg and 200 mg groups, respectively. Effect of Ritlecitinib on BTK-dependent B cell receptor (BCR) signaling pathway Functional inhibition of BTK-dependent signaling over time was measured by reduction in cluster of differentiation 69 (CD69) upregulation on B-cells following ex vivo treatment of BCR with anti-immunoglobulin D (IgD). There was a dose-dependent increase in inhibition of CD69 upregulation by ritlecitinib, and the maximum median inhibition was 48% and 70% for the ritlecitinib 50 mg and 200 mg treatment groups, respectively. The median (90% confidence interval [CI]) inhibition reached maximal levels at 4 H post dose for both groups. For ritlecitinib 50 mg group, CD69 inhibition returned to baseline at 8 H; further reduction in CD69 inhibition below 0 at later timepoints could be due to either technical or biological factors, however a clear rationale has not been identified. For the ritlecitinib 200 mg group, CD69 inhibition was observed at 8 H, but had returned to baseline or lower by 24 H and remained low at 48 H Conclusions: PD:  Ritlecitinib demonstrated dose-dependent target occupancy of all 5 TEC kinases, with varying levels of occupancy magnitude and duration for these 5 different kinases due to target turnover. For 2 TEC kinases, BTK and TEC, ritlecitinib maintained high levels of TO through 48 hours, which extended well beyond the disappearance of quantifiable plasma PK. These results are consistent with the irreversible covalent nature of the ritlecitinib binding interaction and slower protein turnover of BTK and TEC compared to the other TEC family kinases.  The magnitude of JAK3 TO appeared to be lower compared to the TEC family kinases, with similar maximal TO for the 50 mg and 200 mg doses; this contrasted with the dose-dependent increase in duration of JAK3 TO for the 200 mg. The mechanism for this apparent incomplete TO is unclear, and unlikely to be clinically relevant based on the functional blockade demonstrated with the pSTAT5 results.  Ritlecitinib demonstrated functional inhibition of JAK3- and BTK-dependent pathways. Ritlecitinib reduced pSTAT5 following treatment with IL-15. There was a dose-dependent inhibition by ritlecitinib on BTK-dependent BCR-induced CD69.  These functional assays along with the TO demonstrate the dual inhibition of ritlecitinib on the JAK3 and TEC pathways. Safety:  Oral doses of ritlecitinib 50 mg and 200 mg were safe and well-tolerated when administered alone in healthy adult participants. There were no new unknown safety signals for ritlecitinib in this single dose study, and few AEs or abnormal findings were observed. PK:  Ritlecitinib plasma exposure increased in an approximately dose proportional manner from 50 to 200 mg. 