Sponsor: Medivation Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Pfizer Inc. Investigational Product: Talazoparib (PF-06944076, formerly BMN 673 or MDV3800) Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol 673-301 (C3441009) Protocol Title: A Phase 3, Open-Label, Randomized, Parallel, 2-Arm, Multi-Center Study of Talazoparib (BMN 673) Versus Physician’s Choice in Germline BRCA Mutation Subjects With Locally Advanced and/or Metastatic Breast Cancer, Who Have Received Prior Chemotherapy Regimens for Metastatic Disease Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Centers: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: 1. Lee Kyung-Hun, Sohn Joohyuk, Goodwin Annabel, et al. Talazoparib Versus Chemotherapy in Patients with HER2-negative Advanced Breast Cancer and a Germline BRCA1/2 Mutation Enrolled in Asian Countries: Exploratory Subgroup Analysis of the Phase III EMBRACA Trial. Cancer Research and Treatment (Korean Cancer Association) 2021. 2. Litton JK, Hurvitz SA, Mina LA et al. Talazoparib versus chemotherapy in patients with germline BRCA1/2-mutated HER2-negative advanced breast cancer: final overall survival results from the EMBRACA trial. Ann Oncol 2020;31(11)(11):1526-35. 3. Elmeliegy Mohamed, Yu Yanke, Litton Jennifer K, et al. Exposure–Safety Analyses of Talazoparib in Patients with Advanced Breast Cancer and Germline BRCA1/2 Mutations in the EMBRACA and ABRAZO Trials. Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 2020;60(10):1334-43. 4. Yu Yanke, Elmeliegy Mohamed, Litton Jennifer K, et al. Talazoparib Exposure–Efficacy Analysis in Patients with Advanced Breast Cancer and Germline BRCA1/2 Mutations in the EMBRACA Trial. Journal of Clinical Pharmacology 2020;60(10):1324-33. 5. Rugo HS, Ettl J, Hurvitz SA et al. Outcomes in clinically relevant patient subgroups from the EMBRACA study: talazoparib vs physician’s choice standard-of-care chemotherapy. JNCI Cancer Spectrum 2020;4(1):pkz085. 6. Yu Y, Durairaj C, Shi H, et al. Population pharmacokinetics of talazoparib in patients with advanced cancer. J Clin Pharmacol. 2020;60(2)(Feb):218-28. 7. Hurvitz SA, Goncalves A, Rugo HS, et al. Talazoparib in patients with a germline BRCA-mutated advanced breast cancer: detailed safety analyses from the phase 3 8. Litton JK, Rugo HS, Ettl J, et al. Talazoparib in patients with advanced breast cancer and a germline BRCA mutation. N Engl J Med 2018;379(8)(08):753-63. 9. Ettl J, Quek RGW, Lee KH, et al. Quality of life with talazoparib versus physician’s choice of chemotherapy in patients with advanced breast cancer and germline BRCA1/2 mutation: patient-reported outcomes from the EMBRACA phase III trial. Ann Oncol 2018;29(9)(9):1939-47. Study Initiation Date: First Subject First Visit: 14 October 2013 Study Completion Date: Primary Completion Date: 15 September 2017; Last Subject Last Visit: 05 March 2021 Report Date: 08 July 2021 Previous Report Dates: Not applicable Phase of Development: Phase 3 Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: The study primary and secondary objectives and endpoints are presented in Table S1. METHODS Study Design: This Phase 3, open-label, 2-arm, randomized study of talazoparib versus protocol-specified physician’s choice treatment (PCT) was designed to assess the efficacy, with germline breast cancer susceptibility gene (BRCA) mutations who received no more than 3 prior cytotoxic chemotherapy regimens for locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Options for protocol-specified PCTs included one of the following single-agent chemotherapies: capecitabine, eribulin, gemcitabine, or vinorelbine. Patients were required to have documentation of a deleterious, suspected deleterious, or pathogenic germline BRCA1 or BRCA2 mutation from Myriad Genetics (Salt Lake City, Utah, US) or other laboratory approved by the sponsor. After the required number of events for final overall survival (OS) analysis had been achieved and upon local approval of Protocol amendment 2, patients on study treatment followed the reduced schedule of activities and long-term follow-up visits were no longer required. The sites were notified by the sponsor once the required number of OS events had been achieved. Unscheduled visits were conducted as needed in order to perform procedures or assessments required to protect the well-being of the patient. The End of Treatment visit coincided with the End of Study as long-term follow-up was no longer required. This supplemental clinical study report (CSR) presents cumulative results of safety and summarizes updated safety data as of the last subject last visit (LSLV) for this study since the previous OS supplemental CSR. LSLV occurred on 05 March 2021. There were no updated analyses performed for efficacy, PRO or PK data. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Refer to the OS supplemental study report synopsis for the eligible population. For Korea only, the key inclusion criterion regarding prior treatment with a taxane and/or anthracycline was changed to “prior treatment with a taxane and/or anthracycline in the adjuvant, locally advanced, or metastatic setting”. Study Treatment: Refer to the OS supplemental CSR synopsis for information on sudy treatment. Efficacy Evaluations: Efficacy evaluations were described in the primary completion date (PCD) CSR and OS supplemental CSR and are not reported in this supplemental CSR. Pharmacokinetic: PK evaluations were described in the PCD CSR and are not reported in this supplemental CSR. Safety Evaluations: Safety and tolerability were evaluated by assessment of adverse events (AEs), physical examinations, vital signs, concomitant medications, and clinical laboratory tests during the treatment period through 30 days after the last dose of study drug or before initiation of a new antineoplastic therapy, whichever occurred first. Statistical Methods: The safety population (all patients who received any study drug) was used for all safety analyses. Safety analyses were summarized by the actual treatment received. Safety was assessed through summaries of the frequency and severity of AEs, physical examinations, vital signs, and clinical laboratory tests. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: The patient disposition is summarized in Table S2. A total of 17 patients (5.9%) in the talazoparib arm and 1 patient (0.7%) in the PCT arm remained on study drug treatment as of the data cutoff date (30 September 2019) for the previous OS supplemental CSR. Following the sponsor decision to close the study, patients still receiving study drug were granted access to treatment outside of the study. At the database lock for this supplemental CSR, no patients in either study arm were still on treatment, and no patients were on study. Refer to OS supplemental study report synopsis for the demographic and other baseline characteristics. Safety Results: An overview of treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) for the safety population is provided in Table S3. The most common AEs (≥30%) in the talazoparib arm were anaemia (54.2%), fatigue (51.4%), nausea (49.7%), and headache (33.9%). The most common AEs (≥30%) in the PCT arm were nausea (47.6%), fatigue (42.9%) and neutropenia (30.2%). AEs of myelosuppression were reported in more patients in the talazoparib arm (70.3% patients) than in the PCT arm (50.8% patients). Among the reported AEs associated with myelosuppression, anaemia was the most frequently reported preferred term in the talazoparib arm, occurring in 54.2% of patients compared with 19.0% of patients in the PCT arm. Neutropenia was the most frequently reported preferred term in the PCT arm (30.2% of patients versus 27.3% of patients in the talazoparib arm). Grade 3 or 4 AEs were reported for 70.3% of patients in the talazoparib arm and 64.3% of patients in the PCT arm. Grade 3 or 4 AEs that were more commonly reported (5% absolute difference) in the talazoparib arm versus the PCT arm were anaemia, thrombocytopenia, and platelet count decreased. AEs of Grade 3 or 4 that were more commonly reported in the PCT arm (5% absolute difference) included neutropenia and neutrophil count decreased. Study drug-related AEs reported in 20% of patients in the talazoparib arm were anaemia (49.3%), fatigue (39.5%), nausea (36.7%), neutropenia (25.5%), and alopecia (24.8%). In the PCT arm, study drug-related AEs reported in 20% of patients were nausea (38.9%), fatigue (33.3%), neutropenia (29.4%), alopecia (24.6%), diarrhoea (21.4%), and palmar-plantar erythrodysesthesia syndrome (21.4%). AEs of special interest included acute myeloid leukemia (AML), myelodysplastic syndrome (MDS), and hepatotoxicity. AML occurred in 2 patients (1 patient developed AML before the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR and an additional patient developed AML since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR) in the talazoparib arm after the end of the safety reporting period (>30 days from last dose) and were therefore not considered as TEAE; 1 (0.8%) patient in the PCT arm (receiving capecitabine, 1.8%) developed acute promyelocytic leukaemia. AEs related to MDS identified by the broad search of the standardized Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) query (SMQ) “myelodysplastic syndrome” were reported for 3 (1.0%) patients in the talazoparib arm and no events were reported by patients in the PCT arm. In the talazoparib arm, 11.5% of patients had at least 1 hepatotoxicity-related AE, versus 21.4% of patients in the PCT arm. As of the LSLV date in the safety population, 320 patients (77.7%) had died, 220 patients (76.9%) in the talazoparib arm and 100 patients (79.4%) in the PCT arm. Five additional deaths in the talazoparib arm and 1 additional death in the PCT arm were reported since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR. In both arms, the majority of deaths were attributed to disease progression, 91.8% in the talazoparib arm and 94.0% in the PCT arm. AEs associated with death were reported for 6 patients (2.1%) in the talazoparib arm and 4 patients (3.2%) in the PCT arm. Of these fatal AEs, 2 events were considered by the investigator to be related to study drug, including venoocclusive liver disease (1 patient in the talazoparib arm) and sepsis (1 patient in the PCT arm who received capecitabine). In addition, AML (2 patients in the talazoparib arm) occurred after the 30 days after last dose period and associated with death was also attributed to study drug by the investigator. Serious AEs (SAEs) were reported for 103 patients (36.0%) in the talazoparib arm and 39 patients (31.0%) in the PCT arm. Three additional SAEs were reported since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR: cellulitis in 1 patient, and pancytopenia and myelodysplastic syndrome in another patient who was subsequently diagnosed with AML after the safety reporting period of 30 days after last dose. Anaemia was the most frequently reported SAE in the talazoparib arm (18 patients [6.3%]), whereas pleural effusion was the most frequently reported SAE in the PCT arm (7 patients [5.6%]). Study drug-related SAEs were reported for 31 patients (10.8%) in the talazoparib arm and 11 patients (8.7%) in the PCT arm. An additional AE of pancytopenia was reported in 1 (0.3%) patient in the talazoparib arm since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR. In the talazoparib arm, the most frequently reported study drug-related SAE was anaemia (16 patients [5.6%]). The most frequently reported study drug-related SAE in the PCT arm was neutropenia (4 patients [3.2%]). The incidence of AEs associated with permanent study drug discontinuation was numerically lower in the talazoparib arm (22 patients [7.7%]) than in the PCT arm (12 patients [9.5%]). AEs associated with permanent study drug discontinuation in more than 1 patient in either treatment arm were anaemia (3 patients [1.0%]) and metastases to the central nervous system (CNS) (2 patients [0.7%]), both in the talazoparib arm. Overall, 68.9% of patients in the talazoparib arm and 60.3% of patients in the PCT arm had AEs associated with study drug dose modification, defined as a dose reduction or dosing interruption. A total of 20.3% of patients in the talazoparib arm and 23.8% of patients in the PCT arm were reported to have AEs associated with dose reduction. A total of 67.1% of patients in the talazoparib arm and 58.2% of patients receiving capecitabine (also orally administered) in the PCT arm had AEs associated with dosing interruption. Shifts from ≤Grade 2 to Grade 3 or 4 in low hemoglobin, low lymphocytes and low platelets values were reported by greater percentage of patients in the talazoparib arm while shifts from ≤Grade 2 to Grade 3 or 4 in low leukocytes and low neutrophils values were reported by greater percentage of patients in the PCT arm. No patients in the talazoparib or PCT arm were reported to have shifts from ≤Grade 2 to Grade 3 or 4 in high creatinine. A greater percentage of patients in the PCT arm than in talazoparib arm was reported to have the shifts from ≤Grade 2 to Grade 3 or 4 in high aspartate aminotransferase (AST) and alanine aminotransferase (ALT). No clinically meaningful differences in vital signs (including systolic and diastolic blood pressure, or heart rate) were observed. There were slightly fewer patients with more than 10% weight loss in the talazoparib arm (8.0%) than in the PCT arm (10.3%). Conclusions: As presented in the PCD CSR and OS supplemental CSR, the prolonged PFS, supported by the OS outcome, demonstrated that the treatment with talazoparib was superior to PCT in patients with germline BRCA-mutated HER2-negative locally advanced or metastatic breast cancer. Refer to Section 13.2 of the PCD CSR and OS supplemental CSR for the conclusions. Based on this supplemental CSR, the following updated conclusions are provided.  Overall, the safety profile of talazoparib based on the LSLV date (05 March 2021) is consistent with the previously reported safety profile. There were minimal changes in the safety data since the data cutoff for the previous OS supplemental CSR.  A patient in the talazoparib arm developed AML after the end of the safety reporting period (>30 days from last dose) since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR; this AML was associated with death and attributed to study drug by the investigator.  In addition to the newly reported AML fatal case, there were no other new drug-related deaths in the talazoparib arm and in the PCT arm since the data cutoff date of the OS supplemental CSR.                         