Vaccine Name and Compound Number: 20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (diphtheria CRM protein), Compound Number: PF-06482077 197 Report Title: A Phase 3, Randomized, Open-Label Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Immunogenicity of a 20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine in Adults ≥65 Years of Age With Prior Pneumococcal Vaccination Protocol Number: B7471006 Sponsor: Pfizer Inc Phase of Development: Phase 3 First Subject First Visit: 12 February 2019 Last Subject Last Visit: 12 February 2020 Serology Completion Date: 29 May 2020 Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): 33 study centers in the United States and 8 study centers in Sweden. Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Date of Current Version: 25 July 2020 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not applicable. OBJECTIVES Study Objectives and Endpoints: Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints ExploratoryImmunogenicity METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, open-label study conducted at investigator sites in the United States and Sweden. Approximately 875 adults 65 years of age were targeted to be enrolled into 3 different cohorts based on their prior pneumococcal vaccination history. Participants in Cohort A were enrolled at both US and Swedish sites, while participants in Cohorts B and C were enrolled only at US sites.  Cohort A: Approximately 375 participants who had received PPSV23 1 to 5 years previously but had not been vaccinated with 13vPnC were to be randomized (2:1) to receive either 20vPnC or 13vPnC.  Cohort B: Approximately 375 participants who had received 13vPnC 6 months previously, but had not been vaccinated with PPSV23, were to be randomized (2:1) to receive either 20vPnC or PPSV23.  Cohort C: Approximately 125 participants who had previously received 13vPnC followed by PPSV23 (PPSV23 vaccination must have been given 1 year prior to vaccination in this study) were to receive 20vPnC. The 13vPnC arm in Cohort A and the PPSV23 arm in Cohort B served as control groups for safety assessments of 20vPnC in those cohorts. Blood was collected from all groups; however, OPA titers were determined for the 20vPnC groups only. Participants in Cohorts A, B, and C had blood drawn and were vaccinated at Visit 1 and returned for a follow-up blood draw and safety assessment at Visit 2 (28 to 42 days after Visit 1). The final visit (safety assessment only) was conducted approximately 6 months (168 to 196 days) after Visit 1 via telephone. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Key inclusion/exclusion criteria are as follows: Inclusion Criteria:  Male or female adults 65 years of age.  Adults determined by clinical assessment, including medical history and clinical judgment, to be eligible for the study, including adults with pre-existing stable disease, defined as disease not requiring significant change in therapy in the previous 6 weeks or hospitalization for worsening disease within 12 weeks before receipt of investigational product.  Male or female adults who met 1 of the following: a. Vaccination with PPSV23 1 year and 5 years prior to vaccination in the study, and no prior 13vPnC vaccination (Cohort A). b. Vaccination with 13vPnC 6 months prior to vaccination in the study, and no prior PPSV23 vaccination (Cohort B). c. Vaccination with 13vPnC followed by PPSV23 (PPSV23 vaccination 1 year prior to vaccination in the study) (Cohort C). Exclusion Criteria:  History of severe adverse reaction associated with a vaccine and/or severe allergic reaction (eg, anaphylaxis) to any component of 20vPnC, 13vPnC, or any other diphtheria toxoid-containing vaccine, or PPSV23.  Serious chronic disorder including metastatic malignancy, severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease requiring supplemental oxygen, end-stage renal disease with or without dialysis, clinically unstable cardiac disease, or any other disorder that, in the investigator’s opinion, excludes the subject from participating in the study.  Other acute or chronic medical or psychiatric condition including recent (within the past year) or active suicidal ideation or behavior or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of study results and, in the judgment of the investigator, would make the subject inappropriate for entry into this study.  History of microbiologically proven invasive disease caused by Streptococcus pneumoniae.  Participants who received treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, or planned receipt through the last blood draw. If systemic corticosteroids were administered short term (<14 days) for treatment of an acute illness, participants should not have been enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy was discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intra-articular, intrabursal, or topical (skin or eyes) corticosteroids were permitted.  Participants with known or suspected immunodeficiency or other conditions associated with immunosuppression, including, but not limited to, immunoglobulin class/subclass deficiencies, generalized malignancy, human immunodeficiency virus infection, leukemia, lymphoma, or organ or bone marrow transplant. Vaccines Administered: A 0.5-mL dose of 20vPnC, 13vPnC, or PPSV23 was administered intramuscularly in the deltoid muscle of the nondominant arm at Visit 1 based on cohort and Immunogenicity Evaluations: Blood samples were collected from all subjects at Visit 1 (prior to administration of 20vPnC, 13vPnC, or PPSV23) and at Visit 2 (1 month [28 to 42 days] after vaccination). OPA titers for the 20vPnC serotypes (1, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7F, 8, 9V, 10A, 11A, 12F, 14, 15B, 18C, 19A, 19F, 22F, 23F, and 33F) were determined on sera collected from 20vPnC recipients only. Safety Evaluations: Participants recorded local reactions for 10 days, and systemic events and antipyretic/pain medication usage for 7 days, each evening following vaccination. (Day 1 through Day 10 or Day 7, where Day 1 is the day of vaccination) using an e-diary. This allows recording of these assessments only within a fixed time window, thus providing the accurate representation of the subject’s experience at that time. AEs, SAEs, and NDCMCs were collected during the study. AEs were collected from the signing of the informed consent document (ICD) through Visit 2. An NDCMC was defined as a disease or medical condition, not previously identified, that was expected to be persistent or was otherwise long-lasting in its effects. SAEs and NDMCs were also collected through the final visit (approximately 6 months after Visit 1) Acute reactions (immediate events) within the first 30 minutes after vaccination were assessed and documented as an AE or SAE. Statistical Methods: All statistical analyses of safety and immunogenicity were descriptive. Immunogenicity Analyses: Immunogenicity results from the 20vPnC group was summarized for each cohort. OPA geometric mean titers (GMTs) and their 2-sided 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were obtained by calculating the means and 95% CIs on the natural log scale of OPA titers based on the t-distribution, and then exponentiating the mean and the confidence limits. The OPA geometric mean fold rises (GMFRs) and their 2-sided 95% CIs were obtained by log transforming the ratios of Visit 2 (1 month after vaccination) to Visit 1 (prior to vaccination) OPA titers, calculating the mean and 95% CIs based on the t-distribution, and then exponentiating the mean and the confidence limits. Proportions (and 2-sided 95% CI) of participants with a ≥4-fold rise in serotype-specific OPA titer from before to 1 month after vaccination, and with serotype-specific OPA titers ≥ LLOQ were provided. The associated 95% CI was obtained using the Clopper-Pearson method. Safety Analysis: All tolerability and safety results were summarized separately for each cohort. The 95% CI for each binary endpoint for each vaccine group was computed using the Clopper-Pearson method. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: There were 375 participants enrolled into Cohort A, 375 participants enrolled into Cohort B, and 125 participants enrolled into Cohort C. All participants in Cohorts A and C received study vaccination; 2 participants in the 20vPnC group in Cohort B were randomized but did not receive study vaccine. All participants in Cohort C and nearly all participants (≥97.5%) in each vaccine group in Cohorts A and B completed the study. Demographic characteristics and smoking history for the safety population were similar among the vaccine groups. The median age of participants at vaccination ranged from 68.0 to 69.0 years across the vaccine groups. Cohort B enrolled the highest percentages of participants 80 years of age and older (9.8% and 9.4% in the 20vPnC and control group, respectively), while Cohort A had the lowest percentages (2.0% and 1.6% in the 20vPnC and control group, respectively). In Cohort A, 35.5% of the participants were enrolled in Sweden. The majority of participants (≥90.2%) were white and there was a slight predominance of females. Immunogenicity Results:  Immune responses to all 20 vaccine serotypes were observed 1 month after 20vPnC in adults ≥65 years of age as assessed by OPA GMTs, GMFRs, proportions of participants with a ≥4-fold-rise in OPA titers, and proportions of participants with OPA titers ≥ LLOQ in the 3 cohorts, regardless of prior pneumococcal vaccination.  OPA GMTs to the 20 vaccine serotypes at 1 month after 20vPnC tended to be numerically highest in participants who had previously received 13vPnC only, followed by those who had previously received 13vPnC and PPSV23, and were lowest among those who had previously received PPSV23 only.  For the 13vPnC serotypes, a trend of somewhat higher OPA GMFRs and higher proportions of participants with ≥4-fold rise in OPA titers were noted in the group who had previously received 13vPnC only prior to receiving 20vPnC compared to those who had previously received PPSV23 only or 13vPnC and PPSV23.  For the additional 7 serotypes, GMFRs were larger and proportions of participants with a ≥4-fold rise in OPA titers were higher in the group who had previously received 13vPnC only prior to receiving 20vPnC (ie, naïve to vaccination with those serotypes) compared to those who had previously received PPSV23 only or 13vPnC and PPSV23. Safety Results:  The proportions of participants who reported prompted local reactions and systemic events after 20vPnC were generally similar regardless of prior pneumococcal vaccination and were generally similar to the corresponding control vaccines (13vPnC or PPSV23). Most local reactions and systemic events were mild or moderate in severity and generally resolved within 1 to 2 days.  Rates of AEs within 1 month after vaccination were low after 20vPnC. AEs after 20vPnC were generally similar across cohorts, regardless of prior pneumococcal vaccination, and similar to the corresponding control groups (13vPnC or PPSV23).  The proportions of participants who reported any SAEs or NDCMCs within 6 months after vaccination were low in all vaccine groups. No SAEs were considered related to study vaccine by the investigator. Overall the SAEs and NDCMCs were consistent with the medical events and conditions that may be expected in a population 65 years of age and above. There were no deaths reported during the study. Conclusion(s): The safety and tolerability profile of 20vPnC was generally similar in participants with different prior pneumococcal vaccine history and was generally similar to 13vPnC and PPSV23 control groups. This study shows that 20vPnC elicits immune responses to all 20 vaccine serotypes in adults 65 years of age and above in individuals who have previously received pneumococcal vaccine, with the strongest responses noted in persons who have previously received 13vPnC only. 