Vaccine Name and Compound Number: Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Vaccine, Compound Number: PF-06928316 Report Title: A Phase 1/2, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized, Observer-Blind, Dose-Finding, First-in-Human Study to Describe the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of A Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Vaccine in Healthy Adults Protocol Number: C3671001 Sponsor: Pfizer, Inc. Phase of Development: Phase 1/2 First Subject First Visit: 18 April 2018 Last Subject Last Visit: 20 November 2019 Serology Completion Date: 30 September 2020 Coordinating Investigator(s): Rochester Regional Health/Rochester General Hospital 1425 Portland Ave Rochester, NY 14621 UNITED STATES Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): This study was conducted at 36 sites in the United States. Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Date of Current Version: 09 February 2021 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not Applicable. OBJECTIVES Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: The study objectives and their corresponding endpoints are presented in Table S1. Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Abbreviations: Ab = antibody; AE = adverse event; ; CSR = clinical study report; HAI = hemagglutination inhibition assay; Ig = immunoglobulin; ; RSV = respiratory syncytial virus; RSV A = respiratory syncytial virus subgroup A; RSV B = respiratory syncytial virus subgroup B; RSVpreF = respiratory syncytial virus prefusion F vaccine; RT-PCR = reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction; SAE = serious adverse event; sCSR = supplemental clinical study report; SIIV = seasonal inactivated influenza vaccine. a. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 1/2 randomized, placebo-controlled, observer-blind, dose-finding first-in-human (FIH) study. The study evaluated the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of up to 6 different respiratory syncytial virus prefusion F vaccine (RSVpreF) candidates with at 3 escalating dose levels of 60 g ( g and g ), 120 g ( g and g ), and 240 g ( g and g ) of the prefusion respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) F antigen, with or without aluminum hydroxide (Al[OH] ), when administered alone or concomitantly with 3 seasonal inactivated influenza vaccine (SIIV). Participants in each age group in the Sentinel Cohort were vaccinated at the starting dose level of 60 g. An internal review committee (IRC) reviewed 14-day safety and tolerability data and if these were deemed acceptable, randomization into sentinel groups at the 120 g dose level progressed. This same process was followed for progression to the 240 g dose level. For each age group, the IRC recommended proceeding with randomization of participants in the Expanded Cohort at dose levels where the safety data were deemed acceptable by the IRC. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Healthy male and female participants 18 through 85 years of age who were willing and able to comply with scheduled visits, vaccination plan, laboratory tests, and other study procedures were enrolled into this study. Key inclusion criteria were as follows: 1. Healthy adults who were determined by medical history, physical examination, and clinical judgment of the investigator to be eligible for inclusion in the study. Note: Healthy participants with preexisting stable disease, defined as disease not requiring significant change in therapy or hospitalization for worsening disease during the 6 weeks before enrollment, could have been included. 2. Sentinel Cohort participants only: Male and female adults 18 through 85 years of age at the time of enrollment (signing of the informed consent document [ICD]). 3. Expanded Cohort participants only: Male and female adults 18 through 49 years of age or 65 through 85 years of age at the time of enrollment (signing of the ICD). 4. Key exclusion criteria were as follows: 1. Sentinel Cohort participants only: Any screening hematology and/or blood chemistry laboratory value that met the definition of a  Grade 1 abnormality. Note: With the exception of bilirubin, participants with any stable Grade 1 abnormalities (according to the toxicity grading scale) may have been considered eligible at the discretion of the investigator. (Note: A “stable” Grade 1 laboratory abnormality was defined as a report of Grade 1 on an initial blood sample that remained  Grade 1 upon 2. Sentinel Cohort participants only: Positive test for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), hepatitis B surface antigen (HBsAg), hepatitis B core antibodies (HBc Abs), or hepatitis C virus antibodies (HCV Abs) at the screening visit. 3. Immunocompromised participants with known or suspected immunodeficiency, as determined by history and/or laboratory/physical examination. 4. Participants who received treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, eg, for cancer or an autoimmune disease, or planned receipt throughout the study. If systemic corticosteroids had been administered short term (14 days) for treatment of an acute illness, participants were not enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy had been discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intra-articular, intrabursal, or topical (skin or eyes) corticosteroids were permitted. 5. Participant with a history of autoimmune disease or an active autoimmune disease requiring therapeutic intervention including but not limited to: systemic or cutaneous lupus erythematosus, autoimmune arthritis/rheumatoid arthritis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, multiple sclerosis, Sjögren’s syndrome, idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, glomerulonephritis, autoimmune thyroiditis, giant cell arteritis (temporal arteritis), psoriasis, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1). 6. Expanded Cohort participants only: Vaccination with any influenza vaccine within 6 months (182 days) before investigational product administration. Vaccines Administered: Each lyophilized vial of RSVpreF investigational product was supplied as a , . Three different presentations of RSVpreF investigational product were administered, representing 3 different dose levels of RSV antigen (60 g, 120 g, and 240 g). The lyophilized cake was reconstituted by diluent with either sterile water for injection or a sterile suspension of Al(OH) in water for injection. The 3 fill volume of the investigational product vial and diluent vial were designed such that the intended vaccine dose was delivered in a 0.5-mL injection volume. The vaccine was administered in the upper deltoid muscle by the unblinded administrator. Commercially available quadrivalent SIIV was used for participants 18 through 49 years of age and commercially available high dose (HD) trivalent SIIV or quadrivalent SIIV was used for participants 65 through 85 years of age.  For the 2018-2019 flu season, the HD trivalent SIIV contained A/Michigan, A/Singapore, and B/Colorado strains; the quadrivalent SIIV contained these 3 strains plus the B/Phuket strain.  For the 2019-2020 flu season, the HD trivalent SIIV contained A/Brisbane, A/Kansas, and B/Colorado strains; the quadrivalent SIIV contained these 3 strains plus the B/Phuket strain. The placebo for RSVpreF was a sterile normal saline solution for injection (0.9% sodium chloride injection, in a 0.5-mL dose). Sentinel Cohort At Visit 1, all participants in the Sentinel Cohort were administered 1 dose of either RSVpreF with Al(OH) RSVpreF without Al(OH) , or placebo intramuscularly by injecting 0.5-mL 3, 3 into the deltoid muscle of the left arm. Expanded Cohort At Visit 1, all participants were administered 2 injections. All participants in the Expanded Cohort were administered 1 dose of either RSVpreF with Al(OH) RSVpreF without 3, Al(OH) , or placebo intramuscularly by injecting 0.5-mL into the deltoid muscle of the left 3 arm. They were also administered 1 dose of either SIIV or placebo intramuscularly by injecting 0.5-mL into the deltoid muscle of the right arm. At Visit 2, participants were administered SIIV or placebo based on the Visit 1 dose intramuscularly by injecting 0.5 mL into the deltoid muscle of the nondominant arm. Immunogenicity Evaluations: Blood samples for antibody (Ab) assessment were collected at Visit 1 (prior to vaccination) for all participants in the Sentinel and Expanded Cohorts. In the Sentinel Cohort, additional samples were collected 2 weeks (Visit 2), 1 month (Visit 3), 2 months (Visit 4), 3 months (Visit 5), 6 months (Visit 6), and . In the Expanded Cohort, additional samples were collected 1 month (Visit 2), 2 months (Visit 3), 3 months (Visit 4), 6 months (Visit 5), and . Participants in the Expanded Cohort also had blood samples collected at any respiratory illness visit and 1 month after any respiratory illness visit. Samples were assayed for the following: Sentinel and Expanded Cohorts  RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing Ab titers were determined and reported as geometric mean titers (GMTs) at the above-mentioned time points and associated 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were summarized by vaccine group for both RSV A– and RSV B– neutralizing Ab titers. Additional measurements were obtained 2 weeks after vaccination for participants in the Sentinel Cohort. Also, geometric mean fold rises (GMFRs) from before Vaccination 1 to each above-mentioned time point and associated 95% CIs were summarized by vaccine group for both RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing Ab titers.  Immunoglobulin G (IgG) A and IgG B Ab titers were descriptively summarized with geometric mean concentrations (GMCs) and associated 95% CIs before vaccination and   Expanded Cohort Only  Hemagglutination inhibition assay (HAI) titers for influenza strains contained within the SIIV were determined and reported as GMTs before and 1 month after SIIV vaccination (Visit 1 or 2) and associated 95% CIs were summarized by vaccine group for each influenza strain tested, by age stratum. Also, GMFRs from before to 1 month after SIIV and associated 95% CIs were summarized by vaccine group for each strain tested. Midturbinate swabs were collected from each participant in the Expanded Cohort during Visit 1 in order to describe the frequency of baseline RSV shedding prior to the administration of the investigational product. Participants were asked to take a midturbinate nasal swab when they had experienced 1 or more signs or symptoms of a respiratory illness for longer than 24 hours. Subjects were permitted to take more than 1 swab if they considered their symptoms had worsened. In addition to the nasal swab that the participants collected, additional midturbinate swabs were collected during any unplanned respiratory illness visits. Reverse transcription-polymerase chain reaction (RT-PCR) was performed on samples obtained at Visit 1 and at any unplanned respiratory illness visit and the proportion of participants with RSV A+, RSV B+, RSV A+ and RSV B+, and RSV A+ or RSV B+ results were summarized by vaccine group. Safety Evaluations: The safety parameters included electronic diary (e-diary) reports of local reactions and systemic events that occurred in the 14 days after investigational product administration at Visit 1 and . These prospectively collected occurrences of local reactions and systemic events were graded as mild, moderate, or severe. In addition, adverse events (AEs), medically attended adverse events (MAEs), and serious adverse events (SAEs) were collected, recorded, and reported. An MAE was defined as a nonserious AE that resulted in an evaluation at a medical facility. Statistical Methods: The study sample sizes were not based on statistical considerations. Statistical analysis was descriptive in nature. All safety and tolerability endpoints were summarized as the proportion of participants with events. Additionally, exact 2-sided 95% CIs for proportions were provided as applicable. For immunogenicity endpoints, GMT and GMFR from baseline were calculated by vaccine group along with the 95% CIs. All of the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity data were summarized for the Sentinel Cohort and Expanded Cohort separately for each age group. In addition, Sentinel and Expanded Cohorts were combined and analyzed together by vaccine group as appropriate. RESULTS Participant Disposition and Demography: Of the 1235 participants randomized, 1135 (91.9%) completed the 12-month follow-up visit. Of the participants who withdrew after the Vaccination 1 visit, the most common reasons for withdrawal were lost to follow-up (39 [3.2%] participants), withdrawal by participant (32 [2.6%] participants), and other (14 [1.1%] participants). In the overall safety population, the mean age was 34.4 years for the 18 through 49 year age group and 70.6 years in the 50 through 85 year age group. For the tobacco use history, 63.7% of participants in the 18 through 49 year age group and 54.4 % of participants in the 50 through 85 year age group never had tobacco use. The majority of participants across vaccine groups and study cohorts were White (79.3%) or Black or African American (15.2%) and non-Hispanic (90.2%). Demographic characteristics were similar across vaccine groups and study cohorts. No participants were RSV RT-PCR positive prior to RSV season. Immunogenicity Results:  RSVpreF elicited robust neutralizing responses against RSV A and B 1 month after vaccination .   In both age groups, the RSVpreF formulation containing Al(OH) did not notably 3 enhance immune responses.     In general, when SIIV was co-administered with RSVpreF, trends in immune responses to RSVpreF were inconsistent depending on dose level and formulation.  Immune responses to SIIV trended lower when co-administered with RSVpreF for both age groups and across the vaccine groups. In the 65 through 85 year age group, there was less impact on SIIV immune responses than in the 18 through 49 year age group.  H3N2 neutralizing Ab responses trended lower when SIIV was co-administered with RSVpreF. The effect was less prominent in the 65 through 85 year age group than in the 18 through 49 year age group.    Safety Results:  Most local reactions (pain at the injection site, redness, or swelling) were mild or Local reactions were reported more frequently by the participants who received RSVpreF, compared with those who received placebo. The frequency of local reactions was higher in groups receiving aluminum-containing formulations and in younger groups in both cohorts. Severe local reactions were rare, reported by single participants in any vaccine group in the Expanded Cohort.  Most systemic events (fever, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, fatigue/tiredness, muscle pain, and joint pain) were mild or moderate in severity. Few participants reported a fever within 14 days after Vaccination 1 (5 participants [12.2%] in the RSVpreF 120 µg + SIIV group in the 18 through 49 year age group in the Expanded Cohort; 2 (4.9%) participants or fewer in any other vaccine group in both cohorts and across age all groups). In both cohorts, severe systemic events were reported for 10% of participants in any vaccine group, across age groups, and in the placebo groups. For both age groups, any severe systemic events were reported more frequently by the participants who received RSVpreF, compared with those who received placebo.  The proportion of participants reporting any unsolicited AE within 1 month after Vaccination 1 was generally similar (5.0% to 26.2%) across vaccine groups for both age groups in both cohorts. The proportion of participants in the placebo groups reporting any unsolicited AE were similar (0.0% to 12.2% across both age groups in both cohorts).  MAEs were reported by 16.7% or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group across the two age groups for both cohorts.  SAEs were reported for single participants (2.4% to 2.5%) in any vaccine group or the placebo group in both age groups in the Expanded Cohort; no participants in the Sentinel Cohort reported an SAE  The proportion of participants reporting any unsolicited AE within 1 month after Vaccination 2 was generally similar across vaccine groups in both the 18 through 49 year (range: 7.3% to 26.8%) and 65 through 85 year age groups (range: 7.3% to 32.5%); the proportion of participants reporting any AE in the placebo groups was 9.8% in the 18 through 49 year age group and 17.1% in the 65 through 85 year age group.  MAEs were reported for 5 (12.5%) or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group across both age groups.  SAEs were reported for single participants (2.4% to 2.5%) in any vaccine group across both age groups; no participants in the placebo group in either age group reported an SAE.  Throughout the 12 month period after Vaccination 1, 3 SAEs were reported in the 50 through 85 year age group (1 in the RSVpreF 240 μg group [8.3%] and 2 in the RSVpreF 240 μg + Al(OH) group [16.7%]) in the Sentinel Cohort. In the Expanded Cohort, SAEs were reported by 0.0% to 7.3% of participants in the 18 through 49 year age group, and by 5.0% to 10.0% of participants in the 65 through 85 year age group. The incidence rate was 2.4% and 7.3% among participants in the placebo group in the 18 through 49 and 65 through 85 year age groups, respectively. None of the SAEs were considered related to the investigational product (IP) or study procedures.  Throughout the 12 month period after Vaccination 1, among the Sentinel Cohort in the 18 through 49 year age group, MAEs were reported in 0.0% to 33.3% of participants across all vaccine groups versus 16.7% of participants in the placebo group. Among the Sentinel Cohort in the 50 through 85 year age group, MAEs were reported in all vaccine groups (range: 16.7% to 50.0%) and in 16.7% of participants in the placebo group.  Throughout the 12 month period after Vaccination 1, among the Expanded Cohort in the 18 through 49 year age group, MAEs were reported in all vaccine groups (range: 9.8% to 24.4%) and in 22% of participants in the placebo group. Among the Expanded Cohort in the 65 through 85 year age group, MAEs were reported in all vaccine groups (range: 15.0% to 47.5%) and in 14.6% of participants in the placebo group. Conclusion(s): This study evaluated the safety and tolerability of RSVpreF given alone or concomitantly with SIIV. In addition, immune responses elicited by RSVpreF alone or with SIIV were measured. RSVpreF was safe and well-tolerated when administered alone or in combination with SIIV. RSVpreF elicited robust, persistent neutralizing responses when administered alone or concomitantly with SIIV. In general, when co-administered with SIIV, trends in immune responses to RSVpreF were inconsistent depending on dose level and formulation. However, immune responses to SIIV trended lower when co-administered with RSVpreF for both age groups and across the vaccine groups. In the 65 through 85 year age group, there was less impact of co-administration of RSVpreF on SIIV immune responses than in the 18 through 49 year age group. Vaccine Name and Compound Number: Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV), Compound Number: PF-06928316 Report Title: Supplemental Report (Month 12 Immunogenicity and Safety for Revaccinated Participants) to Final Report: A Phase 1/2, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized, Observer- Blind, Dose-Finding, First-In-Human Study to Describe the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Vaccine in Healthy Adults This report is a supplement to: Final Report: 09 February 2021 Protocol Number: Protocol C3671001 Sponsor: Pfizer Inc. Phase of Development: Phase 1/2 First Subject First Visit: 18 April 2018 Last Subject Last Visit: 28 December 2020 Serology Completion Date: 15 October 2021 Coordinating Investigator: Rochester Regional Health/Rochester General Hospital 1425 Portland Ave Rochester, NY 14621 United States Study Center(s): The names of the principal investigators, site addresses, and number of participants enrolled at each site are provided in the final clinical study report (CSR) appendix titled List of Investigators and Number of Sites and Subjects by Country. Date of Current Version: 10 February 2022 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not applicable   Key exclusion criteria were as follows: 1. Sentinel cohort participants only: Any screening hematology and/or blood chemistry laboratory value that met the definition of a ≥Grade 1 abnormality. Note: With the exception of bilirubin, participants with any stable Grade 1 abnormalities (according to the toxicity grading scale) may have been considered eligible at the discretion of the investigator. (Note: A “stable” Grade 1 laboratory abnormality was defined as a report of Grade 1 on an initial blood sample that remained ≤ Grade 1 upon repeat testing on a second sample from the same participant.) 2. Sentinel cohort participants only: Positive test for human immunodeficiency virus, hepatitis B surface antigen, hepatitis B core antibodies (Abs), or hepatitis C virus Abs at the screening visit. 3. Immunocompromised participants with known or suspected immunodeficiency, as determined by history and/or laboratory/physical examination. 4. Participants who received treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, eg, for cancer or an autoimmune disease, or planned receipt throughout the study. If systemic corticosteroids had been administered short term (<14 days) for treatment of an acute illness, participants were not enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy had been discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product (IP) administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intra-articular, intrabursal, or topical (skin or eyes) corticosteroids were permitted. 5. Participant with a history of autoimmune disease or an active autoimmune disease requiring therapeutic intervention including but not limited to: systemic or cutaneous lupus erythematosus, autoimmune arthritis/rheumatoid arthritis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, multiple sclerosis, Sjögren’s syndrome, idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, glomerulonephritis, autoimmune thyroiditis, giant cell arteritis (temporal arteritis), psoriasis, and insulin-dependent diabetes mellitus (type 1). 6. Expanded cohort participants only: Vaccination with any influenza vaccine within 6 months (182 days) before IP administration. Vaccines Administered: Each lyophilized vial of respiratory syncytial virus prefusion F vaccine (RSVpreF) IP was supplied as a mixture of equal quantities of 2 stabilized RSV prefusion F proteins, one from each of the RSV subgroups A and B. Three different presentations of RSVpreF IP were administered, representing 3 different dose levels of RSV antigen (60 µg, 120 µg, and 240 µg). The lyophilized cake was reconstituted by diluent with either sterile water for injection or a sterile suspension of Al(OH) in water for injection. The 3 fill volumes of the IP vial and diluent vial were designed such that the intended vaccine dose was delivered in a 0.5-mL injection volume. The vaccine was administered in the upper   Immunoglobulin G1 (IgG1) A and IgG1 B Ab titers were analyzed for participants in the 18 through 49 year age group at the first 3 time points.  Nonvaccine antigen immunoglobulins were assessed for all 3 antigens (matrix, nucleoprotein, and G [either Ga or Gb]).  HAI titers for influenza strains contained within the SIIV were determined at the first 3 time points. Safety Evaluations: The safety parameters included electronic diary reports of local reactions and systemic events that occurred in the 14 days after IP administration after In addition, adverse events (AEs), medically attended adverse events (MAEs), and serious adverse events (SAEs) were collected, recorded, and reported. An MAE was defined as a nonserious AE that resulted in an evaluation at a medical facility. Statistical Methods: The study sample sizes were not based on statistical considerations. Statistical analysis was descriptive in nature. All safety and tolerability endpoints were summarized as the proportion of participants with events. Additionally, exact 2-sided 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for proportions were provided as applicable. For immunogenicity endpoints, geometric mean titer and geometric mean fold rise from baseline were calculated by vaccine group along with the 95% CIs. All of the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity data were summarized for expanded cohort for revaccination of each age group. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Of the 267 participants who consented for revaccination, 263 (98.5%) completed Vaccination 3 and 248 (92.9%) completed the study. Of the participants who withdrew after the Vaccination 3 visit, the most common reasons for withdrawal were lost to follow-up (7 [2.6%] participants), withdrawal by participant (5 [1.9%] participants), and other (2 [0.7%] participants). The mean age at Vaccination 3 was 36.6 years for the 18 through 49 year age group and 72.0 years for the 65 through 85 year age group. In general, the demographic and baseline characteristics were similar across vaccine groups within each age group.  o 1 SAE of lactic acidosis was reported in the older age group that was not considered related to the IP. o MAEs were reported by 8.3% or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group across the 2 age groups. o Severe AEs were reported by 1.9% or fewer participants in any vaccine group across the 2 age groups. No severe AEs were reported in the placebo groups. o No participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group reported a related AE, life-threatening AE, or an AE leading to withdrawal.  Throughout the 12-month period after Vaccination 3, the proportion of participants reporting any unsolicited AE ranged from 19.4% to 39.1% in the 18 through 49 year age group and from 10.3% to 45.5% in the 65 through 85 year age group. The proportion of participants reporting any AE in the placebo group was 26.9% in the 18 through 49 year age group and 20.0% in the 65 through 85 year age group. o AEs were reported by 30.6% or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group across the 2 age groups. One participant in the older age group had an AE that was considered related to IP. o SAEs were reported by 2 participants in any vaccine group (1 SAE of dysmenorrhea and 1 SAE of rectal adenocarcinoma) and 1 participant in the placebo group (pregnancy) in the 18 through 49 year age group. SAEs were reported by 4 participants in any vaccine group (1 SAE each of sinus node dysfunction, lactic acidosis, coronavirus disease 2019 [COVID-19], and hyperkalemia) and 1 participant in the placebo group (cardiac failure congestive) in the 65 though 85 year age group. No SAEs were considered related to the IP. o MAEs were reported by 21.3% or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group. No MAEs were considered related to the IP. o Severe AEs were reported by 5.8% or fewer participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group. No severe AEs were considered related to the IP. o Across both age groups, no participants in any vaccine group or the placebo group reported a life-threatening AE or an AE leading to withdrawal.  