Sponsor: Pfizer Inc Investigational Product: Avelumab (MSB0010718C), Binimetinib (MEK162), Talazoparib (PF-06944076) Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol B9991033 Protocol Title: A Phase 1B/2 Study to Evaluate Safety and Clinical Activity of Combinations of Avelumab, Binimetinib and Talazoparib in Patients With Locally Advanced or Metastatic Ras-Mutant Solid Tumors Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None Study Initiation Date: 15 August 2018 Study Completion Date: 02 February 2021 Report Date: 20 August 2021 Previous Report Date(s): Not applicable Phase of Development: Phase 1b/Phase 2 Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: The primary and secondary study objectives and endpoints are outlined in Table S1. Due to the early termination of this study, only the doublet combinations (avelumab + binimetinib and binimetinib + talazoparib) in Phase 1b were studied, and neither the triplet combination of Phase 1b nor Phase 2 was initiated. Therefore, only information relating to the doublet combinations are presented in this abbreviated clinical study report (CSR) and other endpoints were not assessed and are not reported. Table S1. Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints Abbreviations: ADA = anti-drug antibody; C = maximum plasma concentration; CTCAE = Common max Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events; C = concentration at the end of the dosing interval; DDR = trough DNA Damage Repair; DLT = dose limiting toxicity; DR = duration of response; KRAS = Kirsten Rat Sarcoma Viral Oncogene Homolog; mPDAC = metastatic pancreatic ductal adenocarcinoma; nAb = neutralizing antibodies; NCI = National Cancer Institute; NRAS = NRAS proto-oncogene, GTPase; OR = objective response; ORR = objective response rate; OS = overall survival; PD-L1 = Programmed Death- Ligand 1; PFS = progression free survival; PK = pharmacokinetic(s); RECIST = Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors; RP2D = recommended phase 2 dose; TMB = tumor mutational burden; TTR = time to tumor response. 1. Only the doublet combinations (avelumab + binimetinib and binimetinib + talazoparib) were studied and data are reported in this CSR. Table S1. Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints 3. Due to the low observed immunogenicity rate, nAb analysis was not conducted. 4. Some biomarker data were collected and will be reported in a subsequent publication. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 1b/2, open label, multi-center study of combinations of avelumab, binimetinib and talazoparib in eligible adult participants with mPDAC and other locally advanced or metastatic KRAS- or NRAS-mutant solid tumors. The Phase 1b dose escalation study design incorporated a Bayesian logistic regression model to guide dose level selection and participant enrollment decisions. For each combination, beginning with the starting dose level, cohorts of 3 - 6 participants were enrolled, treated, and monitored during the 28-day DLT evaluation period (Cycle 1). In addition to accumulating safety data and observed DLTs, decisions on further participant enrollment and dose level selection were guided by the Escalation With Overdose Control (EWOC) criterion, which required that a combination dose may only be used for newly enrolled participants if the risk of excessive toxicity (ie, the probability of overdosing [DLT rate ≥0.33]) at that combination dose is less than 25% (0.25). Approximately 122 participants were planned to be enrolled into the study, including 52 participants in Phase 1b and 70 participants in Phase 2. For Phase 1b, only participants with mPDAC were enrolled. Initially, this study examined avelumab given intravenously (IV) every 2 weeks (Q2W) and binimetinib given twice daily (BID) on a continuous dosing schedule. Due to observed DLTs with continuous binimetinib dosing, the dosing schedule for binimetinib was modified to an intermittent dosing schedule per Protocol Amendment 3. The doublet combination of binimetinib (BID, Schedule 7d/7d) and talazoparib was evaluated first to determine the recommended phase 2 dose (RP2D) for this combination. Upon the completion of the dose-finding for the doublet, the triplet of avelumab in combination with binimetinib and talazoparib was planned to determine the RP2D for this combination. Once Phase 1b had been completed and the RP2Ds for the doublet and triplet combinations had been determined, Phase 2 was planned to be initiated to evaluate the safety and anti- tumor activity of the RP2D for each combination. Up to 40 participants with mPDAC were to be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to the doublet and triplet combinations (ie, 20 participants per combination) to reduce potential treatment selection bias. In addition to the above mPDAC mutant solid tumors (such as NSCLC, CRC, melanoma and endometrial cancer) were to be enrolled in a ‘tumor agnostic’ cohort to receive the triplet combination as this might provide clinical benefit to a broader population of patients than primarily planned for this study. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Eligible participants for Phase 1b included male or female participants (age ≥18 years) with histological diagnosis of mPDAC that was not amenable for treatment with curative intent; had disease progression during or following at least 1 and not more than 2 prior lines of treatment for advanced or metastatic disease; measurable disease as per RECIST v1.1 criteria with at least 1 target lesion; and adequate bone marrow, renal, liver and cardiac function. Study Treatment: Avelumab was supplied as a sterile solution (20 mg/mL) and was administered as a 1-hour IV infusion Q2W on Days 1 and 15 of each 28-day cycle at a fixed dose of 800 mg. In order to mitigate infusion-related reactions (IRRs), participants were premedicated with an antihistamine and paracetamol (acetaminophen) prior to the first 4 infusions of avelumab; thereafter, premedications should have been administered based upon clinical judgment and the presence/severity of prior infusion reactions. Binimetinib was provided as 15 mg film-coated tablets for oral administration, and packaged in induction sealed, high density polyethylene bottles with child resistant caps. Participants self-administered binimetinib, orally BID at the defined dose (either 30 mg or 45 mg) and schedule, with or without food. The first dose should have been taken in the morning, with the second dose 12±2 hours later. Talazoparib was supplied as 0.25 mg and 1.0 mg capsules for oral administration, and packaged in induction sealed, high density polyethylene bottles with child resistant caps. Participants self-administered talazoparib, orally once daily (QD) at the defined dose level (either 0.5 mg, 0.75 mg, or 1 mg), at approximately the same time each morning along with the first dose of binimetinib. On the days when avelumab was administered, participants must have been instructed not to administer the morning binimetinib dose at home, but to take their medication to the clinic (ie, investigative site) on these days for administration after necessary procedures were completed. Investigational product information is provided in Appendix 16.1.6. Efficacy Evaluations: Anti-tumor activity was assessed through radiological tumor assessments conducted at study baseline, then every 8 weeks for 52 weeks from Cycle 1 Day 1, and then every 16 weeks thereafter until disease progression regardless of initiation of subsequent anti-cancer therapy. In addition, radiological tumor assessments were conducted whenever disease progression was suspected (eg, symptomatic deterioration) or when clinically indicated. Objective response (OR) was defined as complete response (CR) or partial response (PR) according to RECIST version 1.1 from the date of first study treatment until the date of the first documentation of progressive disease (PD). Both CR and PR must be confirmed by repeat assessments performed no less than 4 weeks after the criteria for response are first met. Objective response rate (ORR) was defined as the proportion of participants with a confirmed CR or PR based on the Investigator’s assessment according to RECIST v1.1. Progression free survival (PFS) was defined as the time from the date of first study treatment to the date of the first documentation of PD or death due to any cause, whichever occurred first. Overall survival (OS) was defined as the time from the date of first study treatment to the date of death due to any cause. Pharmacokinetic and Immunogenicity Evaluations: Pharmacokinetics Blood samples for measurements of avelumab, binimetinib (and its metabolite AR00426032), talazoparib were collected at time points specified in the Schedule of Activities (SOA). Human serum samples were analyzed for avelumab using a 3-step immunoassay sandwich method performed by Gyrolab platform. Human plasma samples were analyzed for binimetinib and its metabolite AR00426032 using a validated, sensitive and specific liquid chromatography coupled with tandem mass spectrometry (HPLC-MS/MS) method. Human plasma samples were analyzed for talazoparib using a validated, sensitive and specific LC-MS/MS method. Immunogenicity Blood samples were collected for assessment of avelumab ADAs and nAb at time points specified in the SOA. Human serum samples were analyzed for ADA against avelumab using a validated electrochemiluminescence (ECL) method. Safety Evaluations: Safety evaluations included collection of adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs), vital signs, physical examination, 12-lead electrocardiogram (ECG), ophthalmology examination, echocardiogram (ECHO)/multigated acquisition (MUGA) scan, and laboratory assessments, including pregnancy tests, and verification of concomitant treatments. Statistical Methods: Efficacy All efficacy analyses were performed based on the full analysis set, separately by dose level and for all dose levels for each treatment combination. ORR was estimated and the two-sided exact 95% confidence intervals (CIs) for ORR were calculated. ORR for Phase 1b was summarized by dose level and for all dose levels combined using simple descriptive statistics. PFS and OS were analyzed using Kaplan-Meier methods. Point estimates were presented with 95% CIs. Pharmacokinetics The PK concentration analysis set included participants who had at least 1 concentration measurement for avelumab, binimetinib or talazoparib. PK analyses included C concentrations for avelumab and binimetinib at various cycles as max well as pre-dose/trough (C ) concentrations for avelumab, binimetinib and talazoparib for trough each planned sampling occasion by dose level in Phase 1b. The summary data were compared with the historical data of avelumab and binimetinib as single-agents as well as historical talazoparib monotherapy exposures for the previously evaluated 1 mg dose level, to assess the potential drug-drug interaction (DDI) effect of co-administration of the study drugs. Immunogenicity The immunogenicity analysis set included participants who have at least 1 ADA/nAb sample collected for avelumab. ADA data for avelumab were listed and summarized for each sampling occasion per the schedule of assessments. The percentage of participants with positive ADA were each summarized by treatment group and for all treatment groups combined. Safety Adverse events were graded according to National Cancer Institute (NCI)- Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events (CTCAE) version 4.03 and coded using the latest version of Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) preferred term (PT) as event category and MedDRA primary system organ class (SOC) body term as Body System category. Analyses of DLT were based on the DLT-evaluable analysis set. The occurrence of DLTs and AEs constituting DLTs were summarized and listed for each combination per dose level, and overall for each combination. The analyses of AEs other than DLT were based on the safety analysis set, which included all enrolled participants who receive at least 1 dose of study treatment. The number and percentage of participants who experienced any AE, SAE, treatment-related AE, and treatment-related SAE were summarized according to worst toxicity grades. Safety data were summarize using descriptive statistics, and were also displayed graphically, where appropriate. All safety endpoints were summarized based on the on-treatment period unless otherwise specified. The on-treatment period was defined as from the time of the first dose of study treatment through a minimum of 30 days + last dose of study treatment, start day of new anti-cancer therapy – 1 day. RESULTS Participant Disposition and Demography: A total of 46 participants were screened and 36 (78.3%) participants completed the screening and enrolled in the study. One participant was considered eligible after completing screening and was scheduled to start treatment, however the participant's health deteriorated and the participant was withdrawn from the study prior to receiving any study treatment. As a result, a total of 35 participants were treated. All 35 participants who received at least 1 dose of study drug discontinued from treatment. Disease progression was the most frequent reason for discontinuation from treatment (Table S2). All participants who entered the follow-up phase of the study have discontinued, and the most frequent reason for discontinuation was death. The majority of participants were White and enrolled from North America (Table S3). The primary diagnosis was mPDAC in all participants. All participants had baseline Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS) of 0 or 1. CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Efficacy Results: Due to the early termination of this study, Phase 2 was not initiated and therefore no Phase 2 efficacy results were obtained. There was 1 PR (ORR: 8.3%, 95% CI: 0.2, 38.5) in the avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg treatment group, and no CR or PR in any of the other 3 treatment groups. There were 1 (10%), 6 (50%) , 1 (14.3%), and 2 (33.3%) participants that achieved a best overall response of stable disease in the avelumab + binimetinib 30 mg, avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg, talazoparib 0.75 mg + binimetinib 30 mg, and talazoparib 0.75 mg + binimetinib 45 mg treatment groups, respectively (Table S4). CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Pharmacokinetic and Immunogenicity Results: Pharmacokinetic Results Avelumab C exposures were similar across both dose levels and steady state for trough avelumab was achieved by Cycle 2 Day 1. Avelumab concentrations measured at the end of infusion were variable and C exposures when administered in combination with max binimetinib 45 mg BID appeared to trend higher than in combination with binimetinib 30 mg BID, however C and C exposures in both cohorts were consistent with historical max trough exposures (B9991001). Median binimetinib C concentrations were typically similar across dose levels when trough administered in combination with either avelumab or talazoparib though the number of evaluable participants was low. Binimetinib steady state C exposures were achieved by trough the first PK sampling visit after Day 1. Following the 1 week off period for intermittent dosing with talazoparib, most concentrations for binimetinib and its metabolite were below the limit of quantitation. Binimetinib concentrations were assessed at 1, 2 and 3 hours postdose for the combination with talazoparib only. Following twice-daily repeated oral administration of binimetinib in combination with talazoparib on Days 1 through 8, median plasma concentrations of binimetinib were characterized by a rapid absorption phase, typically reaching peak plasma levels within 1 to 2 hours postdose on either study day. Mean plasma concentrations of AR00426032 were characterized by a rapid formation phase, typically reaching peak plasma levels within 2 hours postdose across both study days. Overall, observed talazoparib trough concentrations were within range of historical monotherapy exposures for the previously evaluated 1 mg dose level, however, further conclusions regarding data trends were difficult to assess due to limited data. Immunogenicity Results ADA categories are summarized in Table S5. Among 22 participants who received avelumab + binimetinib combination treatment, 3 (13.6%) participants developed treatment-induced ADA by avelumab, and of these, 2 (9.1%) participants had persistent ADA response. Due to the low observed immunogenicity rate, nAb analysis was not conducted. CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Safety Results: Dose Limiting Toxicities The number of participants with DLT and the posterior probability of DLT rate being in the 3 toxicity intervals of underdosing (<0.16), target toxicity (≥0.16 and <0.33) and overdosing (≥0.33) are summarized by treatment group in Table S6. The avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg and binimetinib 45 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg treatment groups had a posterior probability of overdose (PrOD) of 0.535 and 0.359, respectively, exceeding the EWOC criterion that the risk for excessive toxicity should be less than 0.25. DLTs reported in each treatment group are summarized by system organ class (SOC) and preferred term (PT) in Table S7. DLT incidence were 30.0%, 45.5%, 33.3%, and 40.0% for treatments with avelumab + binimetinib 30 mg, avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg, binimetinib 30 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg, binimetinib 45 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg, respectively. Most DLTs by either SOC or PT were single occurrences except for creatine phosphokinase (CPK) increased, which was reported as a DLT for 3 participants among different dose level cohorts. CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Adverse Events All-causality and treatment-related treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAEs) were reported in all 35 treated participants. Of the 22 participants in pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group, Grade ≥3 all-causality and treatment-related TEAEs were reported in 19 (86.4%) and 12 (54.5%) participants, respectively. Of the 13 participants in pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group, Grade ≥3 all-causality and treatment-related TEAEs were reported in 9 (69.2%) and 3 (23.1%) participants, respectively. In pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group, the most frequent all-causality TEAE of all grades was rash (12 [54.5%] participants), which was considered to be treatment related in 11 (50.0%) participants. The most frequent all-causality TEAE of Grade ≥3 was CPK increased (5 [22.7%] participants), which was considered to be treatment related in all the reported participants. In pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group, the most frequent all-causality TEAEs of all grades were vomiting and nausea, both reported in 7 (53.8%) participants. The most frequent treatment-related TEAE of all grades was nausea, which was reported in 6 (46.2%) participants. The most frequent Grade ≥3 all-causality TEAEs were vomiting, anaemia, disease progression, and platelet count decreased, reported in 2 (15.4%) participants each. Grade ≥3 treatment-related TEAEs were dermatitis acneiform and diarrhoea reported in 1 (7.7%) participant each. All TEAEs leading to discontinuation of any study drug by SOC or PT were single occurrences, except blood CPK increased reported in 3 (13.6%) participants in the pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group. Interruption of avelumab was reported in 8 (36.4%) of participants in the pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group. The most frequent TEAE leading to interruption of avelumab was alanine aminotransferase (ALT) increased in 3 (13.6%) participants. Interruption of binimetinib was reported in 15 (68.2%) participants in the pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group and in 7 (53.8%) in the pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group. The most frequent TEAEs leading to interruption of binimetinib were ALT increased and blood CPK increased (3 [13.6%], each) in the pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group and platelet count decreased and nausea (2 [15.4%]) in the pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group. Interruption of talazoparib was reported in 7 (53.8%) participants in the pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group. The most common TEAE leading to talazoparib interruption was nausea in 3 (23.1%) participants, followed by vomiting, anaemia, and platelet count decreased (2 [15.4%], each). During the on-treatment period, 3 participants died due to TEAEs in each of the pooled combination treatment group. Disease progression led to death of 3 (with avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg treatment) and 2 participants (1 participant each with treatments of binimetinib 30 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg and binimetinib 45 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg). death in 1 participant treated with binimetinib 30 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg. None of these TEAEs leading to death were assessed as treatment-related by the investigator. In the pooled avelumab + binimetinib treatment group, 15 (68.2%) participants experienced all-causality serious TEAEs. The most frequent serious TEAEs were disease progression and sepsis (3 [13.6%], each). Treatment-related serious TEAEs were reported in 3 (13.6%) participants including 1 (4.5%) participant each with mucosal inflammation and pneumonitis, and 1 (4.5%) participant with ALT increased and AST increased. In the pooled binimetinib + talazoparib treatment group, 6 (46.2%) participants experienced all-causality serious TEAEs. The most frequent serious TEAEs were disease progression and vomiting (2 [15.4%], each). Treatment-related serious TEAEs were reported in 2 (15.4%) participants including 1 (7.7%) participant with diarrhoea and vomiting, and 1 (7.7%) participant with pulmonary embolism and deep vein thrombosis. A total of 4 (18.2%) participants experienced IRRs in the pooled avelumab + binimetinib combination treatment group, including 3 (30.0%) participants treated with avelumab + binimetinib 30 mg and 1 (8.3%) participant treated with avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg. All IRRs were Grade 2 in severity. No serious IRRs were reported. There were no IRRs leading to discontinuation of avelumab. Conclusion(s): Safety  The PrOD of both avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg and binimetinib 45 mg + talazoparib 0.75 mg treatment groups (0.535 and 0.359, respectively) exceeded the EWOC criterion, suggesting that these dose level combinations might have exceeded the MTD when administered in this study population of previously treated mPDAC participants.  Most DLTs by either SOC or PT were single occurrences except for CPK increased, which was reported as a DLT for 3 participants among different dose level cohorts.  Although the rate of DLTs observed in this study was higher than anticipated, the safety profiles of the avelumab + binimetinib and binimetinib + talazoparib combinations were generally consistent with the known safety profiles of avelumab, binimetinib and talazoparib given as a single agent. No new safety signals were identified for any of the study drugs when used in combination. Efficacy  Although limited clinical anti-tumor activity was observed, 1 PR and 6 stable diseases were observed in the avelumab + binimetinib 45 mg treatment group. PK  There was no evidence of a pharmacokinetic mediated drug interaction when binimetinib and avelumab were administered in combination. Data was limited with respect to drawing conclusions regarding binimetinib and talazoparib when administered in combination. However, based on the metabolic profile of both binimetinib and talazoparib, no pharmacokinetic mediated DDI are expected. Immunogenicity  There was a low incidence of ADA in the avelumab + binimetinib combination treatment group, and ADA did not appear to impact the PK of avelumab or the safety of the combination treatment. 