Investigational Product: Avelumab, Compound Number: MSB0010718C Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol B9991016 Protocol Title: A Randomized Double-Blind Phase 3 Study of Avelumab in Combination With Standard of Care Chemoradiotherapy (Cisplatin Plus Definitive Radiation Therapy) Versus Standard of Care Chemoradiotherapy in the Front-Line Treatment of Patients With Locally Advanced Squamous Cell Carcinoma of the Head and Neck Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None. Study Initiation Date: 28 November 2016 Study Completion Date: 25 August 2020 Report Date: 19 February 2021 Previous Report Date(s): Not applicable. Phase of Development: Phase 3 Study Objectives and Endpoints: The primary objective for Study B9991016 was to demonstrate that treatment with avelumab in combination with standard of care (SOC) chemoradiotherapy (CRT) is superior to SOC CRT alone in prolonging progression-free survival (PFS). The objectives and endpoints addressed in this supplemental clinical study report (CSR) are summarized in Table S1. Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Table Abbreviations: ADA = anti-drug antibodies; AE = adverse event; AUC = area under the inf concentration-time curve extrapolated to infinity; CL = clearance; C = maximum observed max concentration; CRT = chemoradiotherapy; C = predose concentration during multiple dosing; trough PK = pharmacokinetics; NCI-CTCAE = National Cancer Institute common terminology criteria for adverse events; PD-L1 = programmed death-ligand 1; SOC = standard of care; t = elimination 1/2 half-life; T = time to maximum plasma concentration; V = volume of distribution for max z extravascular dosing. METHODS Study Design: Study B9991016 was a Phase 3, international, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel, 2-arm study in patients with previously untreated, histologically-confirmed locally advanced squamous cell carcinoma of the head and neck (LA SCCHN, including oral cavity, oropharynx, larynx, or hypopharynx) who were candidates for definitive CRT with cisplatin. In this study, approximately 640 patients were to be randomized in a 1:1 ratio to either Arm A (avelumab + SOC CRT) or Arm B (placebo + SOC CRT). Randomization was stratified by tumor (T) stage (< T4 vs T4), nodal (N) stage (N0/N1/N2a/N2b vs N2c/N3), and human papilloma virus (HPV) status (positive vs negative) as measured by p16 expression by immunohistochemistry (IHC).  Lead-in Phase: On Day 1 of the Lead-in Phase of the study, patients received a single dose of avelumab or matching placebo, administered 7 days prior to initiation of the CRT Phase;  CRT Phase: Avelumab or matching placebo was administered on Days 8, 25, and 39 in conjunction with SOC CRT starting on Day 1 of the CRT phase;  Maintenance Phase: Following completion of the CRT Phase, avelumab or matching placebo was administered every 2 weeks (Q2W) for 12 months during the Maintenance Phase. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Patients aged 18 years or above, with previously diagnosed and untreated advanced SCCHN, Stage III, IVa, IVb HPV-negative disease or Non-oropharyngeal HPV-positive disease, HPV-positive oropharyngeal disease were candidates for definitive CRT with cisplatin. Study Treatment: The study treatments included the following: Arm A: Avelumab + SOC CRT:  Avelumab 10 mg/kg intravenous (IV): Day 1 of the Lead-in phase; Days 8, 25, and 39 of the CRT Phase; every 2 weeks (Q2W) for 12 months during the Maintenance Phase.  Cisplatin 100 mg/m2 IV: Days 1, 22, and 43 of the CRT Phase.  Intensity-modulated radiation therapy (IMRT) 70 Gy/35 fractions/7 weeks; 1 fraction/day, 5 fractions/week for 7 weeks during the CRT Phase. Arm B: Placebo + SOC CRT:  Placebo IV matching avelumab: Day 1 of the Lead-in phase; Days 8, 25, and 39 of the CRT Phase; Q2W for 12 months during the Maintenance Phase.  Cisplatin 100 mg/m2 IV: Days 1, 22, and 43 of the CRT Phase.  IMRT 70 Gy/35 fractions/7 weeks; 1 fraction/day, 5 fractions/week for 7 weeks during the CRT Phase. Note: The Day 25 dose of avelumab/placebo during the CRT Phase may be administered between Day 24 and Day 29. Efficacy Evaluations: Not applicable. Pharmacokinetic, Immunogenicity, and Biomarker Evaluations: Pharmacokinetics: Blood samples of all patients were collected for pharmacokinetics (PK) analysis of avelumab. For the analysis of cisplatin blood samples were to be collected in a total of 24 patients (12 patients in avelumab + SOC CRT arm and 12 patients in placebo + SOC CRT arm) at selected sites. PK parameters analyzed included minimum plasma concentration (C ), maximum plasma concentration (C ) for avelumab and area under trough max the concentration-time curve extrapolated to infinity (AUC ), C , clearance (CL), time to inf max maximum plasma concentration (T ), elimination half-life (t ), and volume of distribution max 1/2 (V ) for cisplatin (total and free), as data permitted. z Immunogenicity: Blood samples were collected and assessed for development of avelumab anti-drug antibodies (ADAs). Samples that were positive for ADA were to undergo neutralizing antibody (nAb) characterization. Biomarker: Tumor biospecimens representing tissue samples from tumor resection or biopsy were used to analyze programmed death-ligand 1 (PD-L1) expression and tumor infiltrating CD8+ T-lymphocytes by IHC. Samples obtained during the Lead-in Phase (optional), Maintenance Phase (in patients who undergo a clinically indicated tumor resection), and/or at the End of Treatment/Withdrawal visit (all patients) were assessed in parallel with the mandatory pretreatment biospecimens(s) to provide data on the changes in the tumor that accumulated over the course of therapy, including acquired mechanisms of resistance. Safety Evaluations: Safety assessments included collection of adverse events (AEs), Serious Adverse Events (SAEs), vital signs, physical examination, electrocardiogram (ECG, 12-lead), and laboratory assessments (including pregnancy tests). Statistical Methods: Pharmacokinetics: C and C for avelumab were to be summarized descriptively (n, trough max mean, SD, CV, median, minimum, maximum, geometric mean, its associated CV, and 95% CI) by treatment phase, and day in Arm A. PK parameters for cisplatin (total and free) were to be estimated using noncompartmental and/or compartment methods. Analyses also included C , time to T , AUC , t , CL, and V as data permitted. max max inf ½ z Additionally, avelumab PK were to be evaluated following cisplatin dosing by comparing the overall geometric mean ratios of C and C in only Arm A on Day 8 of the CRT Phase max trough to Day 1 of the Lead-in Phase. Cisplatin PK (total and free) were evaluated following avelumab or placebo dosing by comparing the overall geometric mean ratios of C and max AUC on Day 1 of the CRT Phase in Arm A to Day 1 of the CRT Phase in Arm B. inf Immunogenicity: The immunogenicity data were summarized as the percentage of patients with positive ADA and nAb. Biomarker: Summary statistics for on-treatment biomarkers included the ratio to baseline Safety: All analyses were based on treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) (started during the on-treatment period), if not otherwise specified. The AE listings included all AEs (whether treatment-emergent or not). AEs with onset outside the on-treatment period were flagged in the listings. The frequency (number and percentage) of patients with SAEs by system organ class and preferred term (PT) and related SAEs by system organ class and PT were presented for treatment-emergent SAEs by treatment arm. Listings of all SAEs were also provided with the relevant information with a flag for SAEs with onset outside of the on-treatment period. Laboratory results were classified according to the National Cancer Institute common terminology criteria for AEs (NCI-CTCAE) criteria version 4.03. Quantitative data of laboratory values and vital signs were summarized using simple descriptive statistics (mean, SD, median, Q1, Q3, minimum, and maximum) of actual values and changes from baseline for each nominal visit over time. End of Treatment visit laboratory results were summarized separately. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Table S2 presents a summary of patient disposition by study phase. A total of 697 patients were randomized. A smaller number of patients in the avelumab + SOC CRT group versus placebo + SOC CRT group completed the maintenance phase. No patient discontinuations were reported as due to coronavirus disease 19 (COVID-19) related study disruptions. Overall, demographic characteristics were balanced across treatment arms. Most enrolled patients were males, most were  65 years old, and the majority were White. Refer to the B9991016 final study report dated 25 Jun 2020 for additional details on demographic and baseline characteristics. No longer meets eligibility criteria 0 1 (0.3)   Efficacy Results: Refer to the B9991016 final study report dated 25 June 2020 for presentation of efficacy results. Pharmacokinetic Results: Avelumab: Serum avelumab C and C concentrations are presented by study phase max trough and visit in Figure S1. Mean serum avelumab concentrations were similar at 1 hour post infusion for each study phase and visit and C increased over time even after reaching trough state steady. Figure S1 Box-Plots of Serum Trough and Maximum Concentration for Avelumab by Study Phase and Visit - Avelumab PK Concentration Analysis Set Source: Figure 14.4.4.1. The effect of cisplatin treatment on the avelumab PK parameter C on Day 8 of the CRT max Phase compared to Day 1 of the Lead-in Phase is presented in Figure S2. The observed mean avelumab C values were similar at Day 1 and Day 8 of treatment, indicating no effect. max Figure S2 Box-Plots of Avelumab Cmax in the Absence (Lead-in Day 1) and Presence of Cisplatin (CRT Day 8) - Avelumab PK Parameter Analysis Set - Treatment Group = Avelumab + SOC CRT Source: Figure 14.4.5.2. Cisplatin: Cisplatin PK samples were collected from 12 patients in the avelumab + SOC CRT group and 23 patients in the placebo + SOC CRT group. Median total plasma cisplatin concentration and cisplatin PK parameters are presented in Figure S3 and Table S3, respectively. AUC is reported instead of AUC because AUC could not be calculated. last inf inf The observed GM ratio of AUC for total cisplatin was numerically lower in the last avelumab + SOC CRT group compared to the placebo + SOC CRT group, but is not considered meaningful as the 90% confidence intervals (CIs) overlap with 100 (geometric mean [GM] ratio = 89.90, 90% CI = 78.06, 103.55; Table S4).   Figure S3 Median Plasma Total Cisplatin Concentrations by Treatment Group in the CRT Phase (Log Scale) - Cisplatin PK Concentration Analysis Set Source: Figure 14.4.4.4. Immunogenicity Results: Subject ADA categories are summarized in Table S5. Treatment-induced ADA responses occurred in 47 (15.3%) patients who received avelumab in combination with SOC CRT. No patients who were baseline ADA positive had treatment-boosted ADA. Tests for nAbs were not performed. Biomarker Results: Pre-treatment PD-L1 expression based on immune cells and tumor cells and tumor infiltrating CD8+ T-lymphocytes as assessed by IHC were candidate predictive biomarkers in this study. The numbers of patients included in the analysis with both pre- and post-treatment biomarker data available were 36 patients for PD-L1 positive immune cells and PD-L1 tumor staining (13 patients and 23 patients from the avelumab + SOC CRT and placebo + SOC CRT arms, respectively), and 35 patients for CD8+ cells (13 patients and 22 patients from the avelumab + SOC CRT and placebo + SOC CRT arms, respectively). The median change in the number of PD-L1-positive immune cells from pre- to post-treatment was 0.0 and -3.0 for the avelumab + SOC CRT arm and placebo + SOC CRT arm, respectively. The median change in PD-L1-positive tumor cells from pre- to post-treatment was 0.0 for both the avelumab + SOC CRT arm and placebo + SOC CRT arm. The median change in CD8+ cells total area from pre- to post-treatment was 0.2 and 0.6 for the avelumab + SOC CRT arm and placebo + SOC CRT arm, respectively. No significant for change from baseline in PD-L1 positive immune cells, PD-L1 tumor staining, and CD8+ cells total area, respectively). Additional biomarker data will be presented in a future report. Safety Results: Overall, the proportion of patients who reported AEs was similar across treatment arms except for a higher incidence (defined as ≥ 5% difference) of all-causality and treatment-related TEAEs of Grade ≥ 3 and TEAEs leading to dose interruption of avelumab or placebo in the avelumab + SOC CRT arm in comparison to the placebo + SOC CRT arm. Relevant differences in the frequency of TEAEs were observed for the PTs of Constipation, Pyrexia, Leukopenia, Neutrophil count decreased, Odynophagia, Alanine aminotransferase increased, Aspartate aminotransferase increased, Chills, and Pharyngeal inflammation (Table S6). Relevant differences in the frequency of treatment-related TEAEs were observed for the PTs of Weight decreased, Leukopenia, Neutrophil count decreased, Odynophagia, Pyrexia, Alanine aminotransferase increased, Aspartate aminotransferase increased, Chills, and Pharyngeal inflammation. TEAEs leading to discontinuation of avelumab, cisplatin, or IMRT occurred at similar frequencies in both treatment arms. The most common TEAE leading to discontinuation of avelumab was Infusion-related reaction (IRR) and for cisplatin was Neutropenia and Blood creatinine increased. TEAEs leading to discontinuation of IMRT were all single occurrences. Deaths occurred more frequently in the avelumab + SOC CRT arm and were most often due to disease progression. The most frequent TEAEs leading to death were those in the system organ class of Infections and infestations (5 patients [1.4%] in the avelumab + SOC CRT arm and no patients in the placebo + SOC CRT treatment arm). A summary of serious TEAEs occurring in ≥2% subjects in any treatment group is presented in Table S7. Refer to the B9991016 final study report dated 25 June 2020 for the presentation of immune- related AEs (irAEs) and IRRs in this study. Insomnia 57 (16.4) 1 (0.3) 47 (13.7) 0    Conclusions:  In general, PK results for avelumab were consistent with previously observed exposures in patients with SCCHN with no indication of drug interaction between avelumab and cisplatin.  The observed incidence of ADA in patients treated with avelumab was consistent with the incidence of ADA in previous studies of avelumab.  No significant differences were noted between treatment groups in change from baseline of PD-L1 expression or the presence of CD8+ cells following 1 dose of therapy.  The safety profile of avelumab administered in combination with CRT was generally tolerable, manageable, and consistent with the known safety profiles of avelumab and chemotherapy when administered as monotherapies. No new important signals were noted in the updated safety data compared to data reported in the Final CSR. 