Vaccine Name and Compound Number: Neisseria meningitidis Serogroup B Bivalent Recombinant Lipoprotein 2086 Vaccine (Bivalent rLP2086; Subfamily A and B; Escherichia coli), Compound Number: PF-05212366 Report Title: Final Report: A Phase 3 Study to Assess the Persistence of hSBA Response up to 48 Months After Completion of a Primary Series of Bivalent rLP2086, and the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Booster Dose of Bivalent rLP2086 Protocol Number: B1971033 Sponsor: Pfizer, Inc Phase of Development: Phase 3 First Subject First Visit: 07 September 2012 Last Subject Last Visit: 05 January 2018 Serology Completion Date: 13 June 2018 Coordinating Investigator(s): MD, PhD, DMSc Professor/HeadDept. of Infectious Diseases Q Aarhus University Hospital, Skejby Aarhus N, 8200 Denmark Study Center(s): The study was conducted at 50 sites (12 in Czech Republic, 1 in Denmark, 4 in Finland, 2 in Germany, 2 in Sweden, and 29 in the United States). Date of Current Version: 14 November 2018 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not Applicable OBJECTIVES Primary Objectives: Stage 1  To describe the immunogenicity of bivalent recombinant lipoprotein 2086 (rLP2086) as determined by serum bactericidal assay using human complement (hSBA) titers to 4 primary test strains at approximately 6, 12, 18, 24, 36, and 48 months after the last dose (second or third dose) of bivalent rLP2086 or saline in the primary study (ie, a previously conducted Pfizer study using the final formulation and dose of bivalent rLP2086). Booster Stage  To describe the immune response as measured by hSBA titers to 4 primary test strains 1 month after the last dose (second or third dose) of bivalent rLP2086 in the primary study, before the booster vaccination, and 1 month, 12 months, and 26 months after a single booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086. Primary Safety Objective (Booster Stage)  To evaluate the safety profile of bivalent rLP2086 as measured by the incidence of local reactions, systemic events, adverse events (AEs), serious adverse events (SAEs), newly diagnosed chronic medical conditions (NDCMCs), medically attended events (MAEs), and immediate AEs following a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086. Exploratory Objectives METHODS Study Design: This was a descriptive Phase 3 study to assess the persistence of the hSBA response up to 48 months after completion of a primary series of bivalent rLP2086, and to assess the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity of a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086. Stage 1 of the study (Visit 1 [6 months after last primary study dose] to Visit 6 [48 months after last primary study dose]) was designed to provide immunogenicity and safety follow-up information on Pfizer Studies B1971010, B1971012, and B1971015, in which subjects received the final formulation 120-µg dose of bivalent rLP2086. The purpose of Stage 1 of the study was to assess the duration of immune responses following receipt of a vaccination series of 2 or 3 doses of bivalent rLP2086. These 3 studies are referred to as the primary studies. All subjects enrolled in Study B1971033 were originally enrolled in 1 of these studies. In Stage 1, subjects attended up to 6 study visits for collection of a 20-mL blood sample at each visit (see Table S1). The booster stage of the study (Visit 7 [booster vaccination] to Visit 10 or 11 [12 or 26 months after booster vaccination]) was optional for eligible subjects. Only subjects from primary studies B1971010 and B1971012 who completed Stage 1 and received bivalent rLP2086 in the primary study were eligible to participate in the booster stage. Subjects from B1971015 were not offered the opportunity to continue to the booster stage. Only subjects who received bivalent rLP2086 in B1971012 on a 0-, 2-, and 6-month or a 0- and 6-month vaccination schedule were eligible to be followed for 26 months after booster vaccination to assess extended immunopersistence. Subjects were required to sign an additional consent form to enter the booster stage and again to continue through the extended follow-up visit at 26 months after booster vaccination. CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Table S1. Study Design Overview CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Table S1. Study Design Overview Abbreviations: ICD = informed consent document; MAE = medically attended event; NDCMC = newly diagnosed chronic medical condition; RRI = research-related injury. a. Events with an onset during Stage 1 were reported under the primary study number. Events with an onset during the booster stage were reported under Study B1971033. b. Events with an onset after the 6-month follow-up telephone call in the primary study. c. Events reportable only within the first 48 hours following a blood draw. d. Events with an onset in Stage 1, or from Visit 8 to Visit 11, were reportable only within the first 48 hours following a blood draw. From Visit 7 to Visit 8, all AEs were reportable. Approximately 800 subjects across the 3 primary studies were expected to participate in this study. The booster stage of the study (Visits 7 through 11) was optional for eligible subjects at selected sites (Studies B1971010 and B1971012 only), so the number of subjects was <800 for Visits 7 through 11. It was estimated that up to 200 subjects would continue to Visit 10 and up to 110 would continue to Visit 11. At booster stage completion, subject participation encompassed approximately 3.5 years for Stage 1 and an additional 1 year for subjects participating in the booster stage from Visits 7 through 10 and an additional approximately 2 years for subjects participating in the booster stage from Visits 7 through 11. The total duration for subjects participating in both Stage 1 and the booster stage through Visit 11 was approximately 5.5 years. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Inclusion Criteria The inclusion criteria for Stage 1 and the booster stage are listed below: Stage 1 1. Evidence of a personally signed and dated informed consent document (ICD) indicating that the subject (or legal representative) had been informed of all pertinent aspects of the study. 2. Subjects who were willing and able to comply with scheduled visits, laboratory tests, and other study procedures. 3. Subjects who completed a primary study and received all the scheduled injections within the originally planned schedule, either with bivalent rLP2086 (either 2 or 3 doses) or with investigational product in cases where subject vaccine assignment was blinded at the time of consent for Study B1971033. 4. Subjects who completed the blood draw following the last dose and subjects who completed the 6-month follow-up telephone call in the primary study. Booster Stage Booster Stage Visits 7 Through 10 1. Evidence of a personally signed and dated ICD indicating that the subject or subject’s parent(s)/legal guardian had been informed of all pertinent aspects for Visits 7 through 10 of the booster stage of the study. 2. Subject met all Stage 1 inclusion and none of the Stage 1 exclusion criteria. 4. Subject completed B1971033 Stage 1 and completed the Visit 6 blood draw. 5. Subject was available for the entire period of the booster stage and the subject or subject’s parent(s)/legal guardian could be reached by telephone. 6. Healthy subject as determined by medical history, physical examination, and judgment of the investigator. 7. Male and female subjects of childbearing potential and at risk for pregnancy must have agreed to use a highly effective method of contraception through Visit 10 of the booster stage. A subject was of childbearing potential if, in the opinion of the investigator, he/she was biologically capable of having children and was sexually active. 8. Negative urine pregnancy test for all female subjects on the day of the booster vaccination. Booster Stage Visit 11 1. For subjects who participated in Visit 11, evidence of a personally signed and dated ICD indicating that the subject or subject’s parent(s)/legal guardian had been informed of all pertinent aspects of Visit 11. 2. Subject met all Stage 1 inclusion and none of the Stage 1 exclusion criteria. 3. Subject received 2 or 3 doses of bivalent rLP2086 in the primary study on a 0-, 2-, and 6-month or a 0- and 6-month schedule. 4. Subject completed booster vaccination at Visit 7. Exclusion Criteria The exclusion criteria for Stage 1 and the booster stage are listed below: Stage 1 1. Subjects who were investigational site staff members directly involved in the conduct of the study and their family members, site staff members otherwise supervised by the investigator, or subjects who were Pfizer employees directly involved in the conduct of the study. 2. With the exception of the primary study of bivalent rLP2086, participation in other studies within the 1-month (30-day) period before study Visit 1 and/or during study participation. Participation in purely observational studies was permitted. 3. Severe acute or chronic or medical psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that interpretation of study results and, in the judgement of the investigator, would have made the subject inappropriate for entry into the study. 4. History of culture-proven disease caused by N meningitidis or Neisseria gonorrhoeae. 5. Bleeding diathesis or condition associated with prolonged bleeding time that would have contraindicated blood draw. 6. Receipt of any blood products, including gamma globulin, in the period from 6 months before any study visit. 7. Vaccination with any licensed or experimental MnB vaccine since being enrolled in the primary Pfizer-sponsored MnB study (other than study vaccines permitted in the primary study). 8. Subjects who were not compliant with the primary study eligibility criteria while enrolled in the primary study. Booster Stage 1. Subjects who were scheduled to receive 1 or more doses of a human papillomavirus (HPV) as part of a 3-dose series during the 28 days after the booster vaccination. 2. A previous anaphylactic reaction to any vaccine or vaccine-related component. 3. Subjects who were receiving any allergen immunotherapy with a nonlicensed product or receiving allergen immunotherapy with a licensed product and were not on stable maintenance doses. 4. Bleeding diathesis or condition associated with prolonged bleeding time that would have contraindicated intramuscular injection. 5. A known or suspected defect of the immune system that would have prevented an immune response to the vaccine, such as subjects with congenital or acquired defects in B-cell function, those receiving chronic systemic (oral, intravenous, or intramuscular) corticosteroid therapy, or those receiving immunosuppressive therapy. Subjects in the United States with terminal complement deficiency were excluded from participation in this study. 6. Significant neurological disorder or history of seizure (excluding simple febrile seizure). 7. Current chronic use of systemic antibiotics. 8. Participation in another investigational study. Participation in purely observational studies was acceptable. 9. Received any investigational vaccines, drugs, or devices within 28 days before administration of the booster vaccination. 10. Any neuroinflammatory or autoimmune condition, including, but not limited to, transverse myelitis, uveitis, optic neuritis, and multiple sclerosis. 11. Pregnant female subjects, breastfeeding female subjects, male subjects with partners who were pregnant, or male and female subjects of childbearing potential who were unwilling or unable to use a highly effective method of contraception through Visit 10 of the study. Vaccines Administered: Bivalent rLP2086 booster vaccination was administered intramuscularly at approximately 48 months (Visit 7) following the last dose of bivalent rLP2086 received in the primary study by injecting 0.5 mL into the deltoid muscle. Immunogenicity Evaluations: To facilitate immunogenicity analyses, subjects had approximately 20 mL of blood collected at Visits 1 through 6, 8, 10, and 11. For assessment of the immune response to bivalent rLP2086, functional antibodies were analyzed in hSBAs with MnB strains. The hSBA measures antibodies in human sera that initiate complement-dependent killing of target meningococcal strain. Four (4) primary test strains, strain PMB80 (A22 variant), PMB2001 (A56), PMB2948 (B24), and PMB2707 (B44), were used in the hSBAs for determination of the immunogenicity endpoints in sera obtained from all subjects at all study visits. The MnB hSBAs were validated before any testing was performed. All samples from subjects enrolled from Studies B1971010 and B1971015 were tested concomitantly. For subjects enrolled from Study B1971012, samples obtained 48 months following the last dose with bivalent rLP2086 in the primary study and 1 month following the booster vaccination were first tested and reported in the interim analysis report. For this final analysis report, these samples were reassayed concurrently with samples obtained 12 and 26 months following the booster vaccination. Reassay ensured all measurements occurred under the same laboratory conditions and facilitated comparison across time points. Serum samples obtained 1 month following the last dose in the primary series were not reassayed concurrently with samples obtained 12 and 26 months following the booster vaccination. Safety Evaluations: The safety parameters were reactogenicity (local reactions and systemic events), AEs, SAEs, NDCMCs, MAEs, and immediate AEs. Reactogenicity included local reactions at the site of investigational product administration (redness, swelling, and pain at the injection site) and systemic events (fever, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, fatigue, chills, muscle pain other than muscle pain at the injection site, and joint pain). Local reactions, systemic events, and use of antipyretic medication associated with vaccine administration were collected using an e-diary for 7 days after study vaccination. Immediate AEs, defined as AEs occurring within the first 30 minutes after investigational product administration, were assessed and documented in the AE case report form (CRF). The time of onset was recorded for any AEs that occurred on the same day as investigational product administration. MAEs and NDCMCs were also assessed throughout the study and documented on the appropriate AE CRF. An MAE was defined as a nonserious AE that resulted in an evaluation at a medical facility. An NDCMC was defined as a disease or medical condition, not previously identified, that was expected to be persistent or otherwise long-lasting in its effects. A medically important RRI was any untoward medical occurrence that resulted in death, was life-threatening (immediate risk of death), required inpatient hospitalization or prolongation of existing hospitalization, resulted in persistent or significant disability/incapacity, or resulted in congenital anomaly/birth defect. The analysis intervals for AEs, SAEs, NDCMCs, and MAEs are as follows:  Stage 1 (enrollment up to Visit 7): AE and NDCMC  Booster vaccination phase (Visit 7 up to Visit 8): AE, SAE, MAE, and NDCMC  Booster follow-up phase (Visit 8 through Visit 9): SAE and MAE  From booster vaccination through booster follow-up phase (6 months after booster vaccination) (Visit 7 through Visit 9): SAE, MAE, autoimmune and neuroinflammatory conditions, days missed school/work  From booster vaccination through 12 months after booster vaccination (Visit 7 through Visit 10): NDCMC  From 1 month after booster vaccination through 12 months after booster vaccination (Visit 8 through Visit 10): NDCMC  From booster vaccination through 26 months after booster vaccination (Visit 7 through Visit 11): NDCMC  From 1 month after booster vaccination through 26 months after booster vaccination (Visit 8 through Visit 11): NDCMC There was 1 analysis interval for immediate AEs (Visit 7). RRIs and nonserious AEs occurring within 48 hours of a blood draw were collected for all Stage 1 visits, and at Visit 10 and Visit 11 in the booster stage. Statistical Methods: Immunogenicity Analysis: This was a descriptive study; no hypothesis testing was performed. Therefore, an estimation approach was utilized for immunogenicity. Comparisons of Interest and Endpoints The 4 primary test strains for hSBA testing were PMB80 (expressing factor H binding protein [fHBP] variant A22), PMB2001 (A56), PMB2948 (B24), and PMB2707 (B44). The lower limit of quantitation (LLOQ) for PMB80 (A22) was an hSBA titer equal to 1:16. The LLOQ for the other 3 primary test strains was an hSBA titer equal to 1:8. hSBAs using the 4 primary test strains were conducted using sera obtained at Visits 1 through 6 from all subjects entered into Stage 1, including subjects who did not receive bivalent rLP2086 in the primary study B1971015. Analysis of Primary Immunogenicity Endpoints Stage 1  Proportion of subjects with hSBA titers  LLOQ for each of the 4 primary strains, at each blood draw visit in Stage 1 (Visits 1 through 6). Booster Stage  Proportion of subjects with hSBA titers  LLOQ for each of the 4 primary strains at 1 month following the last vaccination received in the primary study, before the booster vaccination (Visit 6), and 1, 12, and 26 months (Visits 8, 10, and 11) following booster vaccination. Analysis of Exploratory Immunogenicity Endpoints Safety: Primary Safety Endpoints The following safety endpoints from the booster stage were considered primary.  Percentages of subjects reporting local reactions via the e-diary by type (pain at the injection site, redness, and swelling) and by severity after a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086.  Percentages of subjects reporting systemic events via the e-diary by type (fever, vomiting, diarrhea, headache, fatigue, chills, muscle pain other than muscle pain at the injection site, and joint pain) and by severity after a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086.  Percentage of subjects reporting the use of antipyretic medication via the e-diary after a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086.  Percentages of subjects with at least 1 AE occurring during the following time periods:  From Visit 7 to Visit 8  Percentages of subjects with at least 1 SAE during the following periods:  From Visit 7 to Visit 8  From Visit 8 to Visit 9  From Visit 7 to Visit 9  Percentages of subjects with at least 1 NDCMC occurring during the following time periods:  From the 6-month safety telephone call in the primary study to Visit 6 (Stage 1)  From Visit 8 to Visit 10  From Visit 7 to Visit 10  From Visit 8 to Visit 11 (only subjects proceeding to Visit 11)  From Visit 7 to Visit 11 (only subjects proceeding to Visit 11)  Percentages of subjects with at least 1 MAE occurring during the following time periods:  From Visit 7 to Visit 8  From Visit 8 to Visit 9  From Visit 7 to Visit 9  Percentage of subjects reporting at least 1 immediate AE after receiving the booster dose of bivalent rLP2086.  Numbers of days subjects miss school or work because of AEs from Visit 7 through Visit 9. Exploratory Safety Endpoints The safety data were pooled across the primary studies and presented by primary vaccination schedule (0-, 2-, and 6-month vaccination schedule; 0-, 1-, and 6-month vaccination schedule; 0- and 6-month vaccination schedule; 0- and 2-month vaccination schedule; and 0- and 4-month vaccination schedule). Subjects from primary study B1971015 who received MCV4+Tdap were reported separately. All the safety endpoints (including reactogenicity data collected via e-diary, and AEs and SAEs recorded in the CRF) were summarized with percentages and 95% exact confidence interval (CI) (Clopper-Pearson confidence limit) for each primary vaccination schedule. All of the primary and exploratory endpoints through Visit 8 were summarized descriptively. The proportion of subjects reporting local reactions at the investigational product period after the booster vaccination were descriptively summarized. Severities of local reactions and systemic events reported after vaccination were also descriptively summarized. Summaries by day and onset time of local reactions and systemic events were also done. All of the AEs and RRIs were categorized according to the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) and were summarized. An MAE was defined as a nonserious AE that resulted in an evaluation at a medical facility. An NDCMC was defined as a disease or medical condition not previously identified that was expected to be persistent or otherwise long-lasting in its effects. These data were summarized, by preferred term, for the Stage 1 interval and through the booster vaccination phase. All summaries show the number and percentage of subjects experiencing at least 1 event and the number of events. AEs, MAEs, NDCMCs, and related SAEs were also summarized by severity. Subgroup Analysis: The primary immunogenicity endpoints and the hSBA GMT immunogenicity endpoints were descriptively summarized within each primary study by age and sex. Local reactions, systemic events, AEs, and SAEs were descriptively summarized by pooling the safety data across the primary studies and presented by age and sex within each dose group. Any p-values and 95% CI provided for the subgroup analyses were considered as descriptive and no multiplicity adjustment were made on these analyses. No formal inferences were made between the subgroups. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Of the subjects who enrolled and entered into Stage 1, the majority (89.3%) completed all Stage 1 visits. Only subjects who completed Stage 1 and received bivalent rLP2086 in accordance to the schedule to which they were randomized in the primary study were eligible to participate in the booster stage. The majority (95.7%) of the subjects who entered the booster stage completed all visits through 1 month after booster vaccination. Similarly, the majority (98.0%) of subjects who entered into the booster follow-up stage completed the 6-month postbooster follow-up telephone contact. Overall, the majority (95.7%) of subjects who entered the booster stage completed all study visits through 12 months after booster vaccination. The majority of subjects entering each phase of the study (Stage 1, booster stage, booster follow-up phase, 26 months after booster vaccination) completed all study visits for that phase. The most common reasons for withdrawal during Stage 1 were that the subject was no longer willing to participate in the study and lost to follow-up. Other reasons for subject withdrawal during any phase of the study included subjects not meeting entrance criteria, subjects no longer meeting eligibility criteria, protocol violations, or “other” reasons. No subjects were withdrawn due to AEs during any phase of the study. In Stage 1, 42.2% to 55.8% of subjects were male and 84.3% to 100.0% of subjects were white across the different primary vaccination schedules. The mean age at Stage 1 enrollment ranged from 11.7 to 16.1 years of age. In the booster stage, 39.1% to 53.7% of subjects were male and 98.1% to 100.0% of subjects were white across the different primary vaccination schedules. The mean age at booster vaccination ranged from 18.7 to 19.1 years of age. Immunogenicity Results: The primary objective of Stage 1 of this study was to describe the immunopersistence of responses to bivalent rLP2086 given according to different schedules in primary studies B1971010 (0-, 2-, and 6-month vaccination schedule), B1971012 (0-, 1-, and 6-month; 0-, 2-, and 6-month; 0- and 6-month; 0- and 2-month; 0- and 4-month vaccination schedules), and B1971015 (0-, 2-, and 6-month vaccination schedule). This was measured by hSBA against 4 primary MnB test strains measured at 6, 12, 18, 24, 36, and 48 months after the final primary series vaccination in healthy subjects 10 to 18 years of age at the time of their first vaccination in the primary studies. The primary objective of the booster stage was to describe the immune responses to a single booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086 when given approximately 48 months after completing the primary series. Immune responses were measured at 1, 12, and 26 months (subset only) after the booster vaccination. The primary endpoints for both stages were the proportion of subjects in each primary vaccination schedule achieving hSBA titers  LLOQ for each of the 4 primary MnB strains at the specified time points after vaccination. Regardless of the primary series vaccination schedule or the MnB test strain analyzed, the proportion of subjects with hSBA titers  LLOQ steadily declined from 1 month through 12 months after completing the primary vaccination series, and remained steady through 48 months. The proportion of subjects with hSBA titers  LLOQ remained higher than baseline throughout the persistence period for all 4 test strains. Overall, protective immune response rates 1 month following booster vaccination were similar or higher than response rates 1 month following the primary series, regardless of whether primary vaccination was administered on a 0-, 1-, and 6-month; 0-, 2-, and 6-month; or 0- and 6-month vaccination schedule. Additionally, a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086 given 4 years after completing the primary series, regardless of the number of doses in the primary series, resulted in a greater proportion of subjects with an hSBA titer ≥ LLOQ through 26 months after booster vaccination compared to the persistence observed after completion of the primary series over that same time period. In summary, during the immunopersistence stage, the proportion of subjects with protective hSBA titers declined but remained higher than baseline during the first 12 months following the final dose of the primary vaccination series, regardless of the dosing schedule, and remained stable through 48 months. Booster vaccination responses were robust with predominantly higher proportion of subjects achieving protective hSBA titers 1 month after booster vaccination compared to 1 month after completing the primary series and persisted in a much higher proportion of subjects through 12 and 26 months compared to persistence after the primary series. Safety Results: In summary, a booster vaccination of bivalent rLP2086, given approximately 4 years after the primary series, was generally well tolerated with a satisfactory safety profile as assessed by the primary and exploratory safety endpoints. Additionally, no delayed onset safety signals were identified during the 4 years following the primary vaccination series. During the booster stage, any local reaction was reported by a similar proportion of subjects across all 5 primary vaccination schedules (84.4% to 93.8% of subjects). Pain at the injection site was the most commonly reported local reaction, reported by 84.4% to 93.5% of subjects. Most local reactions were mild or moderate in severity and transient in nature with onset 1 to 2 days after vaccination and lasting 2 to 3 days. No local reactions led to withdrawal. A similar proportion of subjects across all 5 primary vaccination schedules reported any systemic event (68.8% to 76.6% of subjects). The most frequently reported systemic events were fatigue (51.9% to 65.6% of subjects) and headache (37.5% to 56.3% of subjects). The majority of events were mild to moderate in severity and transient in nature with onset 1 to 3 days after vaccination and lasting 1 to 4 days. No systemic events led to withdrawal. During Stage 1 were considered unrelated by the investigator to primary vaccination in the primary studies and were predominantly developmental conditions or common ailments otherwise anticipated in this population. No AEs related to the investigational product received in the primary study were reported during Stage 1. During the booster vaccination phase (from the booster vaccination [Visit 7] through 1 month after booster vaccination [Visit 8]), the proportion of subjects who reported at least 1 AE ranged from 3.7% to 12.5% across the 5 primary vaccination schedules and most of the events were mild or moderate in severity. Three (3) subjects reported AEs assessed as related by investigators during the booster vaccination phase (1 nonserious AE of worsening of psoriasis, 2 nonserious AEs of dizziness [1 subject], and 1 SAE of influenza-like illness). One (1) other SAE was reported during the booster vaccination phase (meniscus injury). The proportion of subjects reporting any MAE across all primary vaccination schedules ranged from 0.0% to 5.1% of subjects. No immediate AEs were reported in this study. No NDCMCs were reported during the booster vaccination phase. During the booster follow-up phase (from 1 month after booster vaccination [Visit 8] through 6 months after booster vaccination [Visit 9]), unrelated SAEs of pyelonephritis, suicide attempt, and depression were reported. The proportion of subjects reporting any MAE ranged from 10.9% to 28.8% of subjects across all primary vaccination schedules and these events were mostly routine conditions expected in this population. The safety profile of bivalent rLP2086, when given as a single booster vaccination up to 4 years after primary vaccination, is similar regardless of the schedule for the primary series, and is consistent with the known safety profile for bivalent rLP2086 given according to the licensed primary series schedules. Conclusion(s): When administered according to either a 2- or 3-dose schedule, bivalent rLP2086 affords protective immune responses to a high proportion of adolescents 10 to 18 years of age. During the first 12 months after the primary vaccination series the proportion of subjects with protective hSBA titers declines but remains higher than baseline, regardless of the 2- or 3-dose schedule, and remains stable through 48 months after primary vaccination. Regardless of the primary series vaccination schedule, booster responses were robust with higher proportions of subjects achieving protective titers 1, 12, and 26 months after the booster vaccination compared to 1, 12, and 24 months after the primary series. The booster vaccination was well tolerated in this cohort and the safety profile was acceptable. 