Sponsor: Pfizer Inc Investigational Product: Tanezumab/PF-04383119 Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol A4091056 Protocol Title: A Phase 3 Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Multicenter Study of the Analgesic Efficacy and Safety of A Dose Titration Regimen for the Subcutaneous Administration of Tanezumab in Subjects With Osteoarthritis of the Hip or Knee Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Centers: A total of 73 centers (58 centers in the United States [including 2 centers in Puerto Rico] and 15 centers in Canada) randomized patients in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None. Study Initiation and Completion Dates: Study Initiation Date: 21 January 2016 Primary Completion Date: 05 December 2017 Study Completion Date: 14 May 2018 Report Date: 05 August 2019 Previous Report Date(s): 12 November 2018 Phase of Development: Phase 3 STUDY OBJECTIVES Primary Objective  Demonstrate superior efficacy of tanezumab 2.5 mg administered subcutaneously (SC) and tanezumab 2.5 mg SC titration to tanezumab 5 mg SC versus placebo at Week 16. Secondary Objectives  Evaluate treatment benefit (efficacy) of a tanezumab 2.5 mg SC titration to tanezumab 5 mg SC dosing regimen relative to tanezumab 2.5 mg SC alone (descriptive analyses);  Evaluate the safety of tanezumab 2.5 mg SC and tanezumab 2.5 mg SC titration to METHODS Study Design This was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multicenter, parallel-group, Phase 3 study of the efficacy and safety of tanezumab when administered by SC injection during a 16-week Treatment Period, compared to placebo in patients with osteoarthritis (OA) of the knee or hip. Six hundred and ninety (690) patients were planned to be randomized to one of three treatment groups (tanezumab 2.5 mg, tanezumab 2.5/5 mg, or placebo) in a planned 1:1:1 ratio. Patients received a total of two SC injections in the thigh or abdomen, separated by 8 weeks:  Tanezumab 2.5 mg (Day 1) and tanezumab 2.5 mg (Week 8);  Tanezumab 2.5 mg (Day 1) and tanezumab 5 mg (Week 8);  Placebo to match tanezumab (Day 1) and placebo to match tanezumab (Week 8). The randomization was stratified by the factors of index joint and highest Kellgren-Lawrence (KL) grade in the knee and hip joints. This study was designed with a total (post-randomization) duration of 40 weeks and consisted of three periods: Screening Period (up to a maximum of 37 days), Double-Blind Treatment Period (16 weeks, 6 in-clinic visits), and Safety Follow-up Period (24 weeks). The Screening Period (beginning up to 37 days prior to Randomization) included a Washout Period lasting a minimum of two days for all prohibited pain medications (lasting a minimum of two days for all prohibited pain medications) if required, and an Initial Pain Assessment Period (IPAP) (7 days prior to Randomization/Baseline; minimum three days). All patients signed informed consent document and were assessed for eligibility prior to randomization. In addition, the Screening Period included the discontinuation and washout of all prohibited pain medications for at least five times the elimination half-life. The IPAP began up to 7 days prior to the Baseline (Day 1) Randomization Visit, and during that period, patients completed at least three diary entries. The IPAP duration was a minimum of three days. During the Washout Period and the IPAP, patients could take rescue medication (acetaminophen) up to a maximum daily dose of 3000 mg per day but abstained from taking rescue medication in the 24 hours prior to the Baseline (Randomization) Visit. Prior to the beginning of the IPAP, patients were provided with an electronic diary (eDiary) to record index joint pain scores and rescue medication use daily from the IPAP to the end of the Treatment Period and weekly to Week 40, and non-index joint pain scores and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID) use weekly from IPAP to Week 40. On Day 1, eligible patients were randomized and received their first dose of blinded study medication (tanezumab 2.5 mg or placebo) via SC injection. The second dose of blinded 5 mg SC, or placebo SC). Other in-clinic visits occurred at Weeks 2 (Day 15), 4 (Day 29), 12 (Day 85) and 16 (Day 113). Patients could take rescue medication up to three days per week during the Treatment Patients were to discontinue rescue medication within 24 hours of any scheduled visit at which efficacy assessments were collected. The Week 16 Visit marked both the end of the Treatment Period and the beginning of the 24-Week Follow-up Period. After Week 16, patients could take rescue medication daily but were required to abstain from taking rescue medication within 24 hours prior to the Week 24 Visit. The Safety Follow-up Period included in-clinic visits at Week 24 (Day 169, when last efficacy assessments were obtained; standard of care treatment could be initiated following this visit) and Week 40 (Study Day 280, the End of Study Visit). The patients completed the Safety Follow-up and the Study at Week 40. Patients who left the study prior to completing the Week 16 Visit were not considered to have completed the Double-blind Treatment Period. Patients who discontinued from treatment prior to Week 16, either at their request or at the decision of the Investigator, were required to undergo 24 weeks of follow-up (referred to as Early Termination Follow-up). The 24-week Early Termination Safety Follow-up was obtained through three clinic visits and monthly phone calls beginning eight weeks after the last dose was administered (Early Termination Visit 1). Early Termination Visit 2 occurred 16 weeks after the last dose administered and Early Termination Visit 3 took place 24 weeks after the last dose. Patients who completed 24 weeks of Early Termination Follow-up were considered to have completed the Safety Follow-up and the Study. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion  Male or female of any race, 18 years of age; willing and able to provide informed consent.  Diagnosis of OA of the hip or knee in the index joint based on American College of Rheumatology criteria with X-ray confirmation (a KL X-ray grade of 2 as diagnosed by the Central Reader);  Documented history indicating that acetaminophen therapy had not provided sufficient pain relief, and that oral NSAID therapy had not provided adequate pain relief or patient was unable to take NSAIDs due to contraindication or inability to tolerate;  Documented history indicating that tramadol treatment had not provided adequate pain relief or patient was unable to take tramadol due to contraindication or inability to tolerate, or that opioid treatment had not provided adequate pain relief, or patient was unwilling to take opioids, or unable to take opioids due to contraindication or inability to tolerate.  Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC) Pain Subscale NRS 5 in the index joint at Screening.  Patients were willing to discontinue all pain medications for OA except rescue medication (acetaminophen) and not use prohibited pain medications throughout the duration of the study except as permitted per protocol. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Exclusion Body Mass Index >39 kg/m2.  History of other disease that may involve the index joint including inflammatory joint disease such as rheumatoid arthritis, seronegative spondyloarthropathy (eg, ankylosing spondylitis, psoriatic arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease-related arthropathy), crystalline disease (eg, gout or pseudogout), endocrinopathies, metabolic joint diseases, lupus erythematosus, joint infections, Paget’s disease, or tumors.  Radiographic evidence of any of the following conditions in any Screening radiograph: excessive malalignment of the knee, severe chondrocalcinosis, other arthropathies (eg, rheumatoid arthritis), systemic metabolic bone disease (eg, pseudogout, Paget’s disease, metastatic calcifications), large cystic lesions, primary or metastatic tumor lesions, stress or traumatic fracture, rapidly progressive OA, atrophic or hypotrophic OA, subchondral insufficiency fractures, spontaneous osteonecrosis of the knee, osteonecrosis, or pathologic fracture.  A history of osteonecrosis or osteoporotic fracture (ie, a patient with a history of osteoporosis and a minimally traumatic or atraumatic fracture) or significant trauma or surgery to a knee, hip, or shoulder within the previous year.  History of intolerance or hypersensitivity to acetaminophen (paracetamol) or any of its excipients or existence of a medical condition or use of concomitant medication for which the use of acetaminophen would have been contraindicated (refer to product labeling).  Signs and symptoms of clinically significant cardiac disease.  Diagnosis of a transient ischemic attack in the six months prior to Screening, diagnosis of stroke with residual deficits (eg, aphasia, substantial motor or sensory deficits), that would preclude completion of required study activities.  History, diagnosis, or signs and symptoms of clinically significant neurological disease,  Previous exposure to exogenous nerve growth factor (NGF) or to an anti-NGF antibody.  History of allergic or anaphylactic reaction to a therapeutic or diagnostic monoclonal antibody or IgG-fusion protein.  Resting, sitting blood pressure (BP) 160 mm Hg in systolic pressure or 100 mm Hg in diastolic pressure at Screening. STUDY TREATMENT Tanezumab 2.5 mg, tanezumab 5 mg, and placebo for tanezumab were presented as a sterile solution for SC administration, in a glass pre-filled syringe (PFS). Each tanezumab PFS contained a sufficient amount of tanezumab to provide the intended dose. Each PFS was packed in an individual carton and had a unique container number. Identity of Investigational Product(s) Table S1. Investigational Product Description injection Efficacy Evaluations Questionnaires for primary and secondary efficacy parameters were completed by the patients at the site, via IRT (electronic tablets), or at home via electronic diaries. Questionnaires at the site were completed prior to dosing on dosing days (Day 1 and Week 8). Primary Efficacy Evaluation The three co-primary efficacy endpoints were the change from Baseline to Week 16 in the WOMAC Pain Subscale (NRS 0-10, with a lower score indicating less pain), in the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale (NRS 0-10, with a lower score indicating better physical function), and in the Patient Global Assessment of Osteoarthritis (PGA-OA; 5-point Likert scale from very good [1] to very poor [5]). Secondary Efficacy Evaluation Reduction of 50% in the WOMAC Pain Subscale at Week 16 was a key secondary endpoint. Additional secondary endpoints included the change from Baseline to Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12 and 24 in the WOMAC Pain Subscale, the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale, and 8, 12, 16, and 24 unless stated otherwise: Outcomes Measures in Arthritis Clinical Trials- Osteoarthritis Research Society International (OMERACT-OARSI) responder index; treatment response defined as a reduction from Baseline in the WOMAC Pain Subscale of 30%, 50%, 70%, or 90%; cumulative distribution of percent change in the WOMAC Pain Subscale score to Week 16 (endpoint for summary only); treatment response defined as a reduction from Baseline in the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale of 30%, 50%, 70%, or 90%; cumulative distribution of percent change in the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale score to Week 16 (endpoint for summary only); treatment response defined as an improvement of 2 points in PGA-OA; WOMAC Stiffness Subscale change from Baseline (0-10 NRS with a lower score indicating less stiffness); WOMAC Average (the mean of the three WOMAC subscale scores of Pain, Physical Function and Stiffness) change from Baseline; WOMAC Pain Subscale item: pain when walking on a flat surface, WOMAC Pain Subscale item: pain when going up or down stairs; and incidence and time to discontinuation due to lack of efficacy; average pain score in the index joint change from Baseline (Weeks 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 16, 20, and 24). Secondary patient-reported outcome endpoints included Work Productivity and Activity Impairment Questionnaire for Osteoarthritis (WPAI:OA) impairment scores change from Baseline to Week 16; EuroQol-5 Dimension-5 Level dimensions and overall health utility score at Baseline, Week 8, and Week 16; and Health Care Resource Utilization at Baseline, Week 24, and Week 40. Rescue medication was measured by the incidence and number of days of patients using rescue medication (Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16 and 24) and the amount (mg) of rescue medication taken (Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, and 16) during the study. Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic, and Other Evaluations Pharmacokinetic Evaluations Tanezumab concentrations were measured to support the development of development of an updated SC population pharmacokinetic (PK) model to allow the prediction of the tanezumab concentration over time in individuals. In addition, tanezumab concentrations were measured to inform the immunogenicity profile of tanezumab. Pharmacokinetic Sampling Blood samples for the assessment of the PK of tanezumab were collected pre-dose at Baseline, Weeks 8 (pre-dose), 16, and 24 (or at Early Termination) in all patients. Blood samples were collected at Weeks 2, 4 and 12 in all patients randomized on or before 16 December 2016, resulting in PK samples for these time points being available for approximately 30% of randomized patients. Pharmacodynamic Sampling Blood samples for the assessment of soluble p75 concentrations were collected at Baseline (Day 1), Week 8 (pre-dose), and Weeks 16, and 24, or at Early Termination. SAFETY EVALUATIONS Safety was evaluated in all patients who received at least one dose of investigational product, through the patient’s last visit. Tanezumab safety was reviewed at two levels; blinded data reviews by the Sponsor and unblinded reviews by the External Safety Monitoring Committee (E-SMC). The E-SMC reviewed unblinded safety data including adverse events and SAEs on a regular basis throughout the course of the study. The E-SMC reviewed unblinded safety data including adverse events, serious adverse events, joint safety adjudication outcomes, total joint replacements (TJRs), neurologic examination, vital signs data, and clinical laboratory data on a regular basis throughout the course of this study. Safety Assessments Except for adverse events which were collected at any time, all assessments were collected prior to dosing at dosing visits. Adverse events, including serious adverse events and deaths, were collected throughout the study. A general physical examination was performed at Screening and at Week 16 or at Early Termination. Blood and urine samples for clinical laboratory testing were collected at Screening, Baseline, and Week 24 (or at Early Termination). For women of child-bearing potential, serum pregnancy tests were conducted at Screening, Week 16 and Week 24 (or at Early Termination). Urine pregnancy tests were conducted prior to dosing at the Day 1 and Week 8 visits. Sitting vital signs were obtained at all study visits; at each visit, vital signs were collected after the patient had been in a sitting position for at least five minutes. Neurological Supine/Standing BP measurements were done at all study visits to assess the patient for possible Orthostatic hypotension (OH). An adverse event of OH was reported for all patients meeting criteria for OH at a visit. If the patient was symptomatic but with no apparent medical cause, a neurological consult was obtained. If the patient was asymptomatic or there was an apparent cause that could be addressed (eg, dehydration), a repeat was done one to four weeks later. If OH was still present at time of the repeat assessment, a consult was obtained. Dosing could not resume until presence of sympathetic autonomic neuropathy was ruled out by the consulting cardiologist or neurologist. Twelve-lead electrocardiograms (ECGs) were performed at Screening, Week 16 and Week 40 (or at Early Termination). An adverse event was reported for patients meeting protocol- defined criteria for bradycardia on a post-baseline ECG (heart rate of 45 beats per minute [BPM]), or heart rate decrease from Screening of 25% with resulting heart rate <60 BPM, and patients were referred for consult with a cardiologist or neurologist to evaluate the patients for the possible presence of sympathetic autonomic neuropathy. Consults were also obtained to rule out sympathetic autonomic neuropathy for patients with adverse event reports of Syncope, Anhidrosis, or Hypohydrosis. Neurological examinations were performed at all study visits and the investigator completed the Neuropathy Impairment Score (NIS) at these time points based on the neurological examination. Neurologic examination assessed strength of groups of muscles of the head and neck, upper limbs and lower limbs, deep tendon reflexes, and sensation (tactile, vibration, joint position sense and pinprick) of index fingers and great toes to complete the NIS. The neurological examinations were performed in a controlled and consistent manner by the same trained examiner when possible. The examiner was an MD or DO. The Survey of Autonomic Symptoms was completed by the patient at Screening, Week 24 and at Week 40 (or at Early Termination). A neurological consultation were obtained if an adverse event suggestive of new or worsening peripheral neuropathy or an adverse event of abnormal peripheral sensation (eg, Allodynia, Burning sensation, Carpal tunnel syndrome, Dysesthesia, Hyperesthesia, Hyperpathia, Hypoesthesia, Neuralgia, Neuritis, Neuropathy peripheral, Pallanesthesia, Paresthesia, Peripheral sensory neuropathy, Sensory disturbance, Sensory loss, Sciatica, Tarsal tunnel syndrome) was reported as an SAE, resulted in the patient being withdrawn from the study, was ongoing at the end of the patient’s participation in the study, or was of severe intensity. Consults were also obtained if new or worsened clinically significant abnormalities on the neurologic exam were reported as adverse events met criteria listed above, or if a reported non-neuropathic neurological event (eg, stroke, seizure) was considered medically important by the investigator. Musculoskeletal and Joint-Related The investigator conducted a thorough musculoskeletal physical examination of all major joints at all study visits (Screening, Baseline and at Weeks 2, 4, 8, 12, 16, 24 and 40; or at Early Termination if the patient discontinued early). The musculoskeletal physical exam evaluated the joints for swelling, redness, tenderness, deformity, osteophytes or nodes, crepitus and pain on motion, and was documented on the case report form. The investigator collected patient reported information on any current joint symptoms including pain, stiffness, and swelling. Any clinically significant change in symptoms or the examination was reported as an adverse event. X-rays of shoulders, hips, and knees (and other major joints considered at risk) were collected at Screening and Week 40, or if patient discontinued, at Early Termination Visit 1 and Early Termination Visit 3. Screening X-rays were reviewed by a Central Reader for determination of eligibility. After randomization, the Central Reader reviewed radiology Adjudication Committee. For patients who were identified with a possible or probable joint event (ie, rapidly progressive OA, subchondral insufficiency fractures, spontaneous osteonecrosis of the knee, primary osteonecrosis, or pathological fracture) and patients undergoing TJR for any reason, all images and other source documentation were provided to the blinded tanezumab Adjudication Committee for review and adjudication of the event. The Adjudication Committee’s assessment of the event represented the final classification of the event. Immunogenicity Blood samples for the assessment of anti-drug antibodies (ADA) against tanezumab (anti-tanezumab antibodies) were collected at Baseline (Day 1; pre-dose) and Weeks 8 (pre- dose), 16, 24, and 40 (or at Early Termination). Specifically, if a patient terminated prior to Week 16, ADA was determined at approximately 8, 16, and 24 weeks after the last SC dose was administered. Adverse Event Reporting For SAEs, the active reporting period to the Sponsor or its designated representative began from the time that the patient provided informed consent, which was obtained prior to the patient’s participation in the study (ie, prior to undergoing any study-related procedure and/or receiving study medication) through the end of the safety Follow-up Period or through and including 112 calendar days after the patient’s last administration of the SC study medication, if the patient refused the protocol-defined Follow-up Period. STATISTICAL METHODS A sample size of at least 230 patients per treatment group was needed to provide approximately 90% power to achieve statistical significance (at the 5% two-sided level) for the two comparisons of tanezumab 2.5 mg SC and tanezumab 2.5/5 mg SC versus placebo SC over all three co-primary endpoints. Analysis of the Co-Primary Endpoints The primary efficacy population was the Intent-to-Treat (ITT) population, which was defined as all randomized patients who received SC study medication (either tanezumab or matching placebo). The primary analysis used multiple imputation methods for missing data at Week 16. All treatment comparisons used the two-sided 5% significance level. The co-primary efficacy endpoints were analyzed using an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model, with model terms for Baseline score, Baseline diary average pain, index joint (knee or hip), KL grade, and treatment group, and study site as a random effect. The assessment of significance for the tanezumab SC versus placebo SC treatment contrasts used a step-down testing strategy for each co-primary efficacy endpoint, defined as first testing tanezumab 2.5/5 mg versus placebo and, if statistically significant (p0.05), then testing superior to placebo if the corresponding treatment contrast was significant for all three co-primary endpoints. Analysis of Secondary Endpoints The secondary endpoint of subjects with 50% reduction from Baseline in the WOMAC Pain Subscale at Week 16 was identified as a key secondary endpoint and was included in the testing strategy. If both tanezumab regimens were found to be statistically significantly better than placebo in the primary comparisons described above, the two comparisons of this secondary endpoint (tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group versus placebo and tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group versus placebo) were adjusted for multiple comparisons using the Hochberg procedure and an overall significance level of 0.05. All endpoints up to Week 24 were summarized (where available) and endpoints up to Week 16 were analyzed. The analysis of continuous secondary endpoints used the same ANCOVA analysis described for the co-primary endpoints, with multiple imputation for missing data. Patient response endpoints were analyzed using logistic regression for binary data, with model terms for Baseline scores, Baseline diary average pain, index joint, KL grade, and treatment group. Imputation for missing data used both last observation carried forward (LOCF) and baseline observation carried forward (BOCF), where imputation with BOCF led to a patient being assessed as a non-responder for the response endpoint at a particular time point. In addition, to closely match the primary imputation analysis, a mixed BOCF/LOCF imputation for response endpoints was used. In this analysis, BOCF imputation (ie, a patient would be a non-responder) was used for missing data due to discontinuation for reasons of lack of efficacy, adverse event, or death up to the time point of interest, and LOCF imputation was used for missing data for any other reason. Analysis of Tertiary Endpoints Pharmacokinetic Analysis The following reporting of PK data was done:  A listing of all plasma tanezumab concentrations sorted by patient, active treatment group, and nominal time post-dose. The listing of concentrations also includes the actual times post-dose.  A descriptive summary of the plasma tanezumab concentrations based on nominal time post-dose for each treatment group.  Creation of boxplots of tanezumab plasma trough concentrations at the nominal times for the tanezumab treatment groups. Samples were analyzed using a validated analytical method in compliance with Pfizer standard operating procedures. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography A total of 3204 patients were screened for the study, of which 2474 failed screening and 32 were screened but not randomized; these patients were not randomized primarily because enrollment for the study had closed. Six hundred ninety-eight (698) patients were enrolled into the study and randomized, 233 in the placebo treatment group, 232 in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, and 233 in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group (Table S2). Of these, one patient each in the placebo and tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment groups were randomized but not treated; these patients did not meet all eligibility criteria and had been randomized in error. By definition, the remaining 696 patients comprise the ITT population; the safety population in this study is the same as the ITT population. A total of 609 (87.5%) patients completed the Treatment Period of the study: 208 (90.0%) patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, 209 (89.7%) patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group and 192 (82.8%) patients in the placebo treatment group, and 582 (83.6%) patients completed the study, 194 (84.0%) patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, 193 (82.8%) patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group and 195 (84.1%) patients in the placebo treatment group. Completed Safety Follow-up 179 (77.2) 189 (81.8) 188 (80.7) 556 (79.9) [a] Subjects in Safety Population. Percentages are based on the number of subjects in Safety Population The most frequent reasons for discontinuation from treatment across treatment groups were “Insufficient clinical response” or “Other”. The incidence of patients discontinuing from treatment due to insufficient clinical response was lower in tanezumab-treated patients compared to those receiving placebo: placebo (13 [5.6%]), tanezumab 2.5 mg (6 [2.6%]), and tanezumab 2.5/5 mg (4 [1.7%]). This trend was not observed in discontinuations from the study overall: 2.6% in both tanezumab treatment groups and 1.7% in the placebo treatment group. The incidence of patients discontinuing due to withdrawal by subject (no longer willing to participate) also were lower in tanezumab-treated patients than in placebo-treated patients for the Treatment Phase: placebo (8 [3.4%]), tanezumab 2.5 mg (6 [2.6%]), tanezumab 2.5/5 mg (3 [1.3%]), but not for discontinuation from study: placebo (10 [4.3%]), tanezumab 2.5 mg (13 [5.6%]), tanezumab 2.5/5 mg (13 [5.6%]). Few patients discontinued from treatment or study due to adverse events and no treatment-related trend was apparent. Seventeen (17 [2.4%]) patients, 3 (1.3%) in the placebo, 6 (2.6%) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg, and 8 (3.4%) in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups who had or opted for joint replacements during the course of the study planned to roll over into Study A4091064 at time of discontinuation from Study A4091056. Not all patients who were eligible chose to enter Study A4091064. Demographic characteristics were similar across the three treatment groups. The mean age of patients was 60.4 to 61.2 years (range 27 to 85 years), 62.8 to 67.7% of the patients were groups were balanced within each age category, with the exception of the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group, which had fewer patients in the 18-44 age range (6 [2.6%]), versus placebo (11 [4.7%]), and tanezumab 2.5 mg (12 [5.2%]). The proportion of male patients over 65 was highest in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group (37 [43.0%]) and lowest in the placebo treatment group (17 [22.7%]). Inadequate pain relief was the primary reason for treatment failure with acetaminophen, NSAIDs, opioids, and tramadol. Approximately 37% of patients across treatment groups were unwilling to take opioids. Acetaminophen was previously taken by approximately 99% of patients across all treatment groups; NSAIDs by 97% of patients; opioids by 43% of patients; and tramadol by 32% of patients. The mean time from the first diagnosis of OA was similar across treatment groups, ranging from 9.1 years for patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg group to 9.5 years in the tanezumab 2.5 mg group. The mean time from the diagnosis of OA in the index joint ranged from 7.9 years for patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg group, to 8.8 years in the placebo group. The majority of patients (42.2 to 45.3%) had a KL grade of 3 in the index joint while 29 to 30% of patients across treatment groups had a KL grade of 4 in the index joint. Most patients (approximately 85% across treatment groups) had a knee as the index joint. The distribution of patients with the hip as the index joint was similar across treatment groups (approximately 15% across treatment groups). Approximately 32% of patients across treatment groups had a KL Grade of 4 for the knee as index joint, versus approximately 15% for the hip as index joint. The majority of patients (73.3 to 79.8% across treatment groups) had OA in two or more joints. The mean WOMAC Pain scores at Screening and Baseline were consistent across treatment groups, ranging from 6.87 to 7.02 at Screening and from 7.08 to 7.33 at Baseline. The WOMAC Physical Function score at Baseline ranged from 7.18 to 7.39 across treatment groups. All patients, except one (in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg group), had a PGA-OA at Baseline of Fair, Poor, or Very Poor, with the majority of patients (53.6 to 62.3%) reporting PGA-OA scores of Fair at Baseline. The percentage of patients who reported a PGA-OA of Very Poor ranged from 3.9% in the placebo treatment group to 6.9% in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg group. EFFICACY RESULTS Primary Efficacy Analysis The primary objective of this study was met. Statistically significant changes from Baseline were observed for all three co-primary endpoints at Week 16 for both tanezumab dosing regimens compared to placebo treatment (Table S3). The three co-primary efficacy endpoints in this study were the change from Baseline to Week 16 in the WOMAC Pain Subscale, the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale, and the PGA-OA. All three endpoints showed statistically significant improvements for both tanezumab regimens versus placebo, 2.5/5 mg treatment comparison versus placebo and for tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment versus placebo; WOMAC Physical Function Subscale, p0.001 for tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment versus placebo and p0.05 for tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment versus placebo; PGA-OA p0.05 for tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment versus placebo and for tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment versus placebo. Secondary Efficacy Analysis  Both tanezumab treatment groups had significantly higher percentages of patients meeting the Key Secondary Efficacy Endpoint of 50% reduction from Baseline in the WOMAC Pain Subscale at Week 16 than patients in the placebo treatment group (tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, p=0.0010 versus placebo; tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group p<0.0001 versus placebo).  There was a consistent pattern of increased efficacy on the WOMAC Pain Subscale for patients in the tanezumab treatment groups compared to those in the placebo group starting at Week 2. The improvement in patients in each of the tanezumab treatment groups versus placebo was similar in magnitude and statistically significant through Week 16, with the exception of tanezumab 2.5/5 mg at Week 8.  There was a consistent pattern of increased efficacy on the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale for patients in the tanezumab treatment groups compared to those in the placebo group starting at Week 2. Comparisons to placebo were statistically significant at all time points analyzed. The magnitude of the improvement over placebo was similar between the tanezumab treatment groups through Week 16.  The change from Baseline on the PGA-OA was statistically significantly different from placebo at all weeks reported for patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, and at Weeks 4, 12, and 16 for patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. The magnitude of the change from Baseline versus placebo was similar in the tanezumab treatment groups, except at Week 12 where patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg group showed approximately 10% greater improvement from Baseline than those in the tanezumab 2.5 mg group.  The proportion of responders on the OMERACT-OARSI responder index was significantly greater for patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group compared to the placebo treatment group at Weeks 2, 4, and 12, and in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group at Weeks 2, 4, 12, and 16. The proportion of responders at Week 8 did not reach statistical significance versus placebo in either tanezumab treatment group.  Reduction in the WOMAC Pain Subscale of 30%, 50%, 70%, and 90%: A significantly greater proportion of patients responded in both tanezumab treatment groups than in the placebo treatment group at the 30%, 50%, and 70% levels at all weeks from Week 2 through Week 16. At the 90% response level, the differences were significant compared to placebo at Weeks 2, 4, and 12 in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group and at Weeks 4 and 12 in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. The overall proportion of responders at Weeks 12 and 16 was similar between the two tanezumab treatment groups at all response levels despite the dose escalation to tanezumab 5 mg at Week 8. Across all treatment groups, patients who responded at the 15%, 30%, or 50% levels at proportions of responders at Week 16 were greater in the tanezumab treatment groups than for the placebo treatment group at the same response level (p0.05). The pattern was similar for those responding with a 50% reduction from Baseline; however, the comparison to placebo was not statistically significant for either treatment group. The proportion of patients with sustained response was similar between the two tanezumab treatment groups. A larger proportion of patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group who were non-responders at the 50% level at Week 8 became responders at the 50% level at Week 16 compared to the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group. A similar trend towards having a larger proportion of patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group who were not responders at Week 8 be responders at the same level of response at Week 16 was also noted for the 15% and 30% response levels, however, the magnitude of the difference between the 2 treatment groups was smaller. The study was not powered for comparisons between treatment groups.  Reduction in the WOMAC Physical Function Subscale of 30, 50, 70, and 90%: A significantly greater proportion of patients in both tanezumab treatment groups than in the placebo treatment group responded at the 30%, 50%, and 70% levels at all weeks from Week 2 through Week 16. At the 90% response level, the differences were significant compared to placebo at Weeks 2, 4, and 12 in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group and at Weeks 4 and 12 in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. The proportion of responders was similar between the tanezumab treatment groups at all response levels.  A significantly greater proportion of patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group showed a 2-point reduction in the PGA-OA at Weeks 4, 12, and 16 compared to placebo-treated patients. In the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group, only at Week 12 was there a significantly higher proportion of patients that showed a reduction 2 point compared to the placebo treatment group. The magnitude of the increase versus placebo treatment was similar between the two tanezumab treatment groups at all time points.  Patients in the tanezumab treatment groups showed a statistically significant decrease in pain in the index joint, based on patient-reported eDiary data, starting one week after the first dose of study drug (starting on Day 5 for patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group ad on Day 7 in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group) that was maintained through Week 16 except at Week 8 in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group.  Overall, a small percentage of patients in any group discontinued treatment due to lack of efficacy (placebo, 13 [5.6%]; tanezumab 2.5 mg, 6 [2.6%]; tanezumab 2.5/5 mg, 4 [1.7%]). Placebo-treated patients tended to discontinue sooner due to lack of efficacy than tanezumab-treated patients. There was a statistically significant difference in the time to discontinuation curves between the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg and the placebo treatment groups (p0.05); the difference between the tanezumab 2.5 mg and the placebo treatment groups was not significant.  Overall, the incidence of rescue medication use by week was similar across treatment groups, although the frequency of use reported in tanezumab-treated patients was somewhat less on a consistent basis than use reported by patients in the placebo treatment group from Week 1 to Week 12, despite starting at a higher level at Baseline. Significant differences from placebo treatment were seen in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group at Weeks 2 and 4, and in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group at Week 4. At all other time points, patients in the tanezumab treatment groups showed no significant difference in the incidence of rescue medication use from those in the placebo treatment group.  There were no significant differences in the amount of rescue medication used by patients in the tanezumab treatment groups compared to those in the placebo treatment group at any time point. The mean amount of rescue medication used at Week 16 decreased with increasing dose of tanezumab. The LS mean amount of rescue medication used was lower in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group compared to the other treatment groups at Weeks 2 through 12; however, at Week 16, the LS mean amount of rescue medication used was slightly increased versus placebo. Tertiary Efficacy Analysis Pharmacokinetic Results Up to Week 8, post-Baseline mean and median tanezumab plasma trough concentrations were comparable for both tanezumab treatment groups. The increase in tanezumab plasma concentrations at Week 12 and Week 16 for the 5 mg dose group relative to the 2.5 mg dose group was proportional to the increase in dose. SAFETY RESULTS The incidence of adverse events during the Treatment Period and Safety Follow-up is summarized in Table S4. The incidence of adverse events in the Treatment Period and the Safety Follow-up do not add up to the total incidence to End of Study, as some patients had events that occurred in both time periods. The overall incidence of adverse events was similar across treatment groups both during the Treatment Period (49.6%, 55.4%, and 46.8% of patients in the placebo, tanezumab 2.5 mg, and tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups, respectively), and during the Safety Follow-up (37.3%, 40.3% and 39.5% in the placebo, tanezumab 2.5 mg, and tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups, respectively). MedDRA version 21.0 coding dictionary applied. Arthralgia was the most frequently observed adverse event during the Treatment Period with a reported frequency of 8.2% (tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group) to 12.5% (placebo treatment group) (Table S5). Adverse events more frequently reported in both tanezumab treatment groups compared to the placebo treatment group during the Treatment Period were Joint stiffness, Nasopharyngitis, Pain in extremity, Peripheral edema, Diarrhea, and Paresthesia. Among the adverse events reported in 2% of patients across treatment groups in the Treatment Period, no dose-response effect of increasing dosing from tanezumab 2.5 to tanezumab 5 mg was observed, as for events showing an apparent dose response (pain in the extremity, edema peripheral and joint stiffness), 5 of 7 patients with Pain in extremity, 3 of 6 patients with Edema peripheral, and 5 of 5 patients with Joint stiffness reported the adverse events during the Treatment Period before they received the 5 mg dose of tanezumab. Back pain 7 (3.0) 10 (4.3) 6 (2.6)  Treatment-Related Adverse Events: During the Treatment Period, 75 patients experienced 103 adverse events considered by the Investigator to be treatment-related. The incidence of treatment-related adverse events was similar across treatment groups. All adverse events assessed as treatment-related were mild or moderate in severity.  Severe Adverse Events: A total of 13 patients experienced severe adverse events during the Treatment Period: 5 (2.2%) in the placebo, 2 (0.9%) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg, and 6 (2.6%) in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups. One adverse event (OA) reported by a patient in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, led to discontinuation from treatment; this was an SAE. Non-small cell lung cancer stave IV, reported by a patient in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group was a fatal SAE.  Injections Site Reactions: Five injection site reactions were reported by four patients in total; one patient each in the placebo and tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, and two patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. Injection site reactions reported in tanezumab treated patients were Erythema, Injection site pain, and Injection site swelling. All were mild in severity and resolved.  Tier 1 Adverse Events: The overall incidence of Tier 1 adverse events (pre-specified adverse events of potential sympathetic dysfunction [Syncope, Bradycardia, OH, Anhidrosis, and Hypohidrosis] considered clinically important) was low, 2 (0.9%) in the placebo, 5 (2.2%) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg, and 1 (0.4%) in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups. There was no significant difference between the frequencies of occurrence when comparing placebo to either of the tanezumab treatment group.  Tier 2 Adverse Events: Tier 2 adverse events are defined as non-Tier 1 adverse events occurring in 3% of patients in any treatment group. The incidence of Tier 2 adverse events was similar across treatment groups, except for Paraesthesia which occurred more frequently in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group than in the placebo treatment group.  Deaths: There were two deaths during the study Both occurred during the Safety Follow-up Period in patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. The cause of death in each case was not considered by the Investigator to be related to study drug.  Serious Adverse Events: There were 11 SAEs in the placebo treatment group, 12 in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, and 23 in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. The majority of events had resolved at time of last contact, with the exception of the two events that were fatal and one event of Chest pain in a patient in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group who was lost to follow-up. The SAEs were each reported in no more than one individual within a treatment group and no pattern or trend was apparent. There were no pregnancies reported during the study.  Adverse Events of Abnormal Peripheral Sensation (Carpal tunnel syndrome, Decreased vibratory sense, Hypoesthesia, Hypoesthesia oral, Paresthesia, Sciatica): The incidence of adverse events related to peripheral sensation during the Treatment Period was similar across treatment groups, with one exception: patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group (8 [3.5%]) showed a higher incidence of Paresthesia than those in the placebo (1 [0.4%]) or tanezumab 2.5/5 mg (3 [1.3%]) treatment groups. Most adverse events related to peripheral sensation were mild (one was moderate), and only one led to discontinuation from treatment. Carpal tunnel syndrome, Decreased vibratory sense, and Sciatica were reported in a few patients, but only tanezumab-treated (three patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group and one patient in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group). All were considered mild in severity, resolved, and did not result in patients discontinuing from treatment.  Peripheral Neurological Consultations: Adverse events that met criteria for consult were Hypoesthesia (two patients) and Intervertebral disc protrusion (one patient) in the placebo treatment group; Paresthesia (two patients) and Hypoesthesia (one patient) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group; and Hypoesthesia (two patients), Back pain, Nerve compression, Pain in extremity and Intervertebral disc protrusion (one patient each), in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. None of the adverse events were serious or severe. In all cases, the patients met criteria for consult because the adverse event was ongoing at the last study visit; one also met criteria due to having discontinued treatment and study due to the adverse event, however, the patient refused consult. Consultations were performed for three of three patients in the placebo treatment group, one of three patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group and four of six patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group. Three of the patients refused consult and one could not be reached by the site despite multiple attempts. Radiculopathy was the most frequent diagnosis made by the expert reviewer, it was diagnosed in one patient in the placebo treatment group, one patient in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, and two patients in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group; presentation was sensory in all cases.  Adverse Events Potentially Indicative of Sympathetic Dysfunction: The incidence of treatment-emergent adverse events of interest that could be indicative of decreased sympathetic function during the Treatment Period was similar across treatment groups. All reported adverse events potentially indicative of decreased sympathetic function during the Treatment Period were mild or moderate in severity.  Consultations for Adverse Events Potentially Indicative of Sympathetic Dysfunction: Orthostatic hypotension met criteria for consult for one patient in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group; the only other key adverse event meeting criteria for consult was Bradycardia. There were no treatment-emergent reports of Anhidrosis, Hypohydrosis, or syncope during the study. Seventeen (17) patients overall, 4 (1.7%) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, 6 (2.6%) in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group, and 7 (3.0%) in the placebo treatment group were reported to have at least one potential sympathetic event requiring a consult. Consults were performed by a cardiologist or neurologist for all patients except two in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group who refused consult. Sympathetic neuropathy was not confirmed for any of the patients who had a consultation. None of the patients required external expert evaluation for sympathetic neuropathy by the Mayo Clinic.  Neuropathy Impairment Score: The conclusion from the neurological examinations at the last assessment for over 90% of patients was no new or worsened neurological examination abnormality. Less than 1% of patients in any treatment group had a new or worsened neurological exam abnormality that was considered clinically significant by the Investigator.  Total Joint Replacements: Patients who had a TJR during participation in Study A4091056 were also eligible for Study A4091064. Patients who refused participation in Study A4091064 could continue in study Study A4091056 and complete the Safety Follow-up Period. A total of 28 patients had at least one TJR: 4 (1.7%) in the placebo treatment group, 8 (3.5%) in the tanezumab 2.5 mg and 16 (6.9%) in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment groups. The total number of TJRs in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group was 17, due to 1 patient having 2 joints replaced while participating in the study. The incidence of TJRs increased with increasing dose. All TJRs were performed in hip or knee joints that were either KL grade 3 or 4 at Screening. Of the 28 patients who had or planned a TJR while participating in Study A4091056, 17 agreed to participate in Study A4091064 at the time of discontinuation from Study A4091056.  Adjudication: A total of 38 joint safety events met criteria for adjudication and were reviewed by the adjudication committee. These included all TJRs and possible or probable joint safety events as identified on X-ray and/or magnetic resonance imaging by the Central Reader. The majority (26/28 patients [92.9%]) of the TJR cases in all groups were adjudicated by the blinded external adjudication committee as normal progression of OA. Outcomes of rapidly progressive OA were assigned to five adjudicated cases in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, one in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment group, and none in the placebo treatment group. Two of those, both in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group, were diagnosed as rapidly progressive OA type 2. Both cases were identified in the patients’ index joint, one hip and one knee, both of which had KL grade of 4 at Screening. Three of the four cases adjudicated as rapidly progressive OA type 1 were identified in the index joint (two knees and one hip), and one in a non-index hip. All cases of rapidly progressive OA type 1 were identified in joints with KL Grade of 2 or 3 on Screening X-rays as determined by the Central Reader. There was no consistent pattern of pain associated with the occurrence of these events during the study.  Laboratory Parameters: The incidence of patients with normal Baseline who had post-Baseline laboratory test abnormalities that met pre-specified threshold for change from Baseline was low, affected no more than three patients within a treatment group and was generally distributed across treatment groups. Observations were similar for patients with an abnormal Baseline except for blood glucose for which values meeting the pre- specified threshold of >1.5× the upper limit of normal and >1.25× the Baseline value were seen for 6 patients in the placebo treatment group (6 of 84 patients with an abnormal glucose at Baseline [7.1%]), 7 patients in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group (7 of 83 patients with an abnormal glucose at Baseline [8.4%]), and none in the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg treatment (0 of 83 patients with an abnormal glucose at baseline [0%]).  Vital Signs: The proportion of patients with a decrease or no change in mean sitting systolic and diastolic BP during the Treatment Period was approximately 8 and 10% higher, respectively, in the tanezumab 2.5 mg treatment group than in the placebo treatment group; proportion of patients with a decrease or no change was similar between the tanezumab 2.5/5 mg and placebo treatment groups. Categorical changes in sitting BP were similar across treatment groups for systolic and diastolic BP.  ECG: No patient had a QTc or QTcF value 500 mSec during the study. The maximum changes in all ECG parameters were similar across treatment groups.  Immunogenicity: Treatment-emergent (TE) ADA status (ie, TE ADA+ or TE ADA-) did not appear to influence the proportion of patients identified as responders (ie, patients with a change from Baseline in WOMAC Pain Subscale reduction of 30% at Week 16) in the tanezumab treatment groups. The overall percent incidence of adverse events in the combined TE ADA+ tanezumab treatment group appeared lower than in the corresponding TE ADA- combined tanezumab treatment group. CONCLUSIONS  Tanezumab at doses of 2.5 mg or 2.5/5 mg administered by SC administration every 8 weeks was efficacious in treating the signs and symptoms of knee or hip OA.  Both tanezumab dose regimens provided clinically important pain relief and functional improvement in patients with an inadequate response to, who are intolerant to, or who have a contraindication to standard treatments for OA pain.  Titration of tanezumab from 2.5 mg to 5 mg resulted in modest improvement in efficacy versus tanezumab 2.5 mg.  Overall, tanezumab was generally safe and well tolerated at both the 2.5 mg and 2.5/5 mg doses.  The overall safety and tolerability profile of tanezumab 2.5 mg/5 mg was similar to tanezumab 2.5 mg.  Tanezumab treatment was associated with minimal effects on the peripheral sensory nervous system.  There was no evidence that tanezumab adversely affected the sympathetic nervous system.  A greater number of patients treated with tanezumab had total joint replacement compared to placebo-treated patients. The majority of these procedures occurred during or after the 24-week Post-Treatment Follow-up Period, in joints with KL grade of 3 or 4 at Screening, and that were adjudicated to normal progression of OA.  Rapidly progressive OA (four type 1; two type 2) was only identified in patients treated with tanezumab; it was seen in joints that had KL grade 2 to 4 at Screening.  The immunogenicity results do not provide any evidence that the presence of treatment- emergent ADA affects the PK, safety, or efficacy profile of tanezumab. 