PFIZER INC. These results are supplied for informational purposes only. Prescribing decisions should be made based on the approved package insert. PROPRIETARY DRUG NAME®/GENERIC DRUG NAME: Fragmin®/Dalteparin Sodium PROTOCOL NO.: A6301094 (FRAG-A001-201) PROTOCOL TITLE: A Three Month Prospective Open Label Study of Therapy With Fragmin® (Dalteparin Sodium Injection) in Children with Venous Thromboembolism With or Without Malignancies Study Center(s): The study was conducted at 15 study sites that enrolled and treated subjects in 5 countries in North America (United States [US]; 10 sites) and Europe (Norway [1 site], Russia [2 sites], Spain [1 site], and Slovenia [1 site]). An additional 36 sites were shipped study drug but did not enroll any subjects prior to the completion of enrollment for the study. Study Initiation Date and Primary Completion or Final Completion Dates: 20 August 2009 to 20 March 2018 Phase of Development: Phase 2 Study Objective(s): Primary Objectives:  To determine the pharmacodynamics (PD) profiles for treatment doses of dalteparin in pediatric subjects of different ages with venous thromboembolism (VTE), and with or without cancer, using anti-Xa levels and a population PD analysis methodology;  To determine the median dose (IU/kg) required to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels (0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL) based on subject age and weight. Secondary Objectives:  To assess the proportion of major bleeding events during dalteparin treatment;  To assess the proportion of minor bleeding events during dalteparin treatment;  To explore the proportion of objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE during dalteparin treatment; levels, if data permits;  To explore the proportions of subjects with progression, regression, resolution or no change in the qualifying VTE during dalteparin treatment;  To describe the overall safety profile of dalteparin in pediatric subjects of different ages with or without cancer and VTE.  To assess the proportion of subjects achieving an anti-Xa therapeutic range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL during the Dose Adjustment Phase. METHODS Study Design: This was a 3-month prospective, multicenter, open-label cohort to determine twice daily dosing recommendations of dalteparin as a function of age in order to achieve anti-Xa levels of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL at 4 hours (±1 hour) postdose in children with or without various cancers and requiring anticoagulation for the treatment and secondary prophylaxis of VTE. The study was divided into 3 phases: 1) Dose Adjustment Phase of up to 7 days; 2) PD Phase; and 3) Follow-Up Phase (Day 90 [±14 days] after study Baseline), to allow completion of up to 90 days of treatment for cancer patients. Treatment of non-cancer patients was aligned with the 2012 American College of Chest Physicians (ACCP) Guidelines, following completion of the PD Phase. Non-cancer patients were required to remain in the study for the full 3 months to complete all remaining study visits, regardless of dalteparin treatment duration. However, for non-cancer patients who stopped dalteparin treatment prior to 3 months, anti Xa and anti-IIa plasma sampling was not required after study medication discontinuation. Table 1 provides an overview of the protocol visits and procedures. Table 1. Schedule of Activities Phasea Unscheduledb ACCP = American College of Chest Physicians; AE = adverse event; anti-IIa = anti-Factor IIa; anti-Xa = anti-Factor Xa C = central laboratory; CRF = case report form; EOS = end of study; ET = early termination; HIT = heparin-induced thrombocytopenia; L = local laboratory; PD = pharmacodynamics; VTE = venous thromboembolism. a During the Dose Adjustment Phase and Follow-Up Phases, if a plasma sample for anti-Xa was drawn outside the 4-hour (1 hour) window, the plasma sample for anti-Xa must have been redrawn the next day within the correct window and sent to the local and central laboratories. If this occurred, an unscheduled visit was conducted to redraw the anti-Xa plasma samples. The actual dosing time prior to the repeat plasma sample draw and the actual time of the repeat sample draw were recorded in the CRF. b Unscheduled events were bleeding or VTE events that required an unscheduled event visit. Unscheduled visits were conducted for any other reason. c Physical examination, including weight and height, was assessed at the end of the Dose Adjustment Phase (ie, Screening, Baseline, end of Dose Adjustment Phase, the PD Phase, and during the Follow-Up Phase at Visits 5, 6, and 7 per protocol) to determine any change resulting in an AE. Medical history, physical examination (including weight and height), pregnancy test, imaging, and clinical laboratory assessments (chemistry, antithrombin, and hematology) were only required once (at Screening or Baseline visit if Screening was within 48 hours of the Baseline visit). Repeat evaluations at Baseline were at the investigator’s discretion. Antithrombin activity was evaluated only once during the Dose Adjustment and PD Phases. d The PD Phase lasted for up to 7 days in order to complete 2 PD samples (anti-Xa). Subjects were randomized through a randomization scheme as assigned by the electronic system, IMPALA, into 2 different sampling windows: 1 to 3 hours and 5 to 8 hours or 3 to 5 hours and 8 to 12 hours. The plasma sampling times could have been spread over the duration of the PD Phase if necessary to avoid blood volume shifts. Laboratory samples for anti-Xa and anti-IIa levels were sent to the central laboratory only. All plasma samples were drawn within the assigned window at each visit; however, if this was not possible, the actual time the sample was drawn was recorded and it was repeated when appropriate at the correct time, if possible. Plasma samples drawn during the Dose Adjustment and Follow-Up Phases that deviated outside the 4±1-hour window did not use the anti-Xa reference range, 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL, and were repeated the next day for both central and local laboratories. The actual dosing time prior to the repeat plasma sample draw and the actual time of the repeat sample draw were recorded. Notes: 1) Plasma samples drawn for anti-Xa and anti-IIa must not have been hemolyzed. All precautions were made to ensure that the plasma samples were not hemolyzed. 2) For non-cancer patients, if study medication was stopped prior to 3 months of treatment per the ACCP Guidelines, no further anti-Xa or anti-IIa sampling was required while study medication was not taken. e Telephone contacts were weekly following discharge from the hospital through the end of the study except weeks with clinical visits (ie, Visits 5, 6, and 7 per protocol). f Any change in medical history after the first dose of study medication was administered was considered an AE. g All subjects at high risk for bleeding or who had bleeding disorders such as platelet dysfunction, protein deficiency, disseminated intravascular coagulation, factor deficiency, hemophilia, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, or von Willebrand disease were not considered candidates. h The same imaging modality was performed from the Screening/Baseline visit as the EOS Visit or at an Unscheduled Event visit for recurrent or new VTEs. The EOS visit (per protocol) imaging was not required if a previous visit imaging had demonstrated resolution of a clot. i Imaging was performed at an unscheduled visit if there was suspicion of a recurrent or new VTE; otherwise images were not required but could have been performed at the discretion of the investigator per standard of care. j For subjects whose platelet counts unexpectedly fell below 50,000/mm3, HIT antibody was to be assessed. If the HIT antibody was positive, the subject was to be discontinued from the study. Antithrombin levels were performed once within 1 week post-diagnosis of VTE and at each study visit when anti-Xa samples were drawn. Anti-Xa levels were measured at 4 hours (1 hour) postdose daily for up to 7 days (Days 1 to 7) during the Dose Adjustment Phase. The first anti-Xa level was drawn after the first, second, or third dose per investigator judgment during the Dose Adjustment Phase. After any dose adjustment, anti-Xa was redrawn after the first, second, or third dose or per investigator judgment. If the target range was not achieved within the 7-day period, the subject’s study participation was terminated. These assessments were mandatory at Visits 5, 6, and 7 during the Follow-Up Phase. The anti-Xa samples were also collected at 4 hours (1 hour) postdose at each visit during the Follow-Up Phase. All plasma samples were drawn within the assigned window at each visit; however, if this was not possible, the actual time the sample was drawn was recorded. Indications for monthly anti-Xa checks included but were not limited to a new compromising event, change in renal function, significant weight change, and suspected lack of treatment adherence. Laboratory samples collected for anti-Xa level during the Dose Adjustment and Follow-Up Phases were sent to both local and central laboratories. In addition, central laboratory samples for anti-Xa levels were also used for anti-IIa measurement. See item c above for anti-Xa samples drawn in the PD Phase.kClinical laboratory testing was performed per the investigator’s discretion. l Urine collection for creatinine was conducted if applicable, per institutional standards. m Study drug was dispensed to subjects according to their dosing requirements. Study drug was dispensed to cancer patients for the entire 3 months, whereas study drug was dispensed to non-cancer patients for the appropriate treatment period for them according the ACCP Guidelines of 6 weeks to 3 months. Non-cancer patients were; however, required to complete all remaining study visits, but anti-Xa or anti-IIa plasma samples were not required once the non-cancer patients stopped study drug. n Study drug exposure was assessed during telephone contacts. Target enrollment was 50 subjects and 38 subjects were enrolled. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion and Exclusion: Subjects were to have been in the age range of ≥36 weeks gestation and <19 years at the Screening Visit objectively diagnosed with a VTE using an acceptable imaging modality and were judged to require anticoagulation therapy. For cancer patients only, a diagnosis of active malignancy (currently under treatment), other than basal cell or squamous cell carcinoma of the skin. Male subjects able to father children and female subjects of childbearing potential and at risk for pregnancy must have agreed to use a highly effective method of contraception throughout the study and for at least 28 days after the last dose of assigned treatment. Subjects were excluded if they had platelet count ≤50,000/mm3 (despite appropriate medical measures to support platelet count), any acute VTE intervention which included thrombolytic therapy, with major bleeding or bleeding disorders such as platelet dysfunction, protein deficiency, disseminated intravascular coagulation, factor deficiency, hemophilia, idiopathic thrombocytopenic purpura, or von Willebrand disease at the time of the Screening Visit or an unacceptably high risk of bleeding, with activated partial thromboplastin time (aPTT) 5 seconds above the upper limit of normal (ULN) which did not correct to within normal limits upon 1:1 mixing with normal plasma, prothrombin time (PT) 2 seconds above the ULN and that corrected to within normal limits upon 1:1 mixing with normal plasma. In addition, pregnant female subjects; breastfeeding female subjects; male subjects able to father children and female subjects of childbearing potential who were unwilling or unable to use a highly effective method of contraception as outlined in the protocol for the duration of the study and for at least 28 days after the last dose of assigned treatment. Study Treatment: All subjects were dosed based on age, weight, and anti-Xa levels. After the Baseline evaluations were completed, subjects received their first full dose of dalteparin sodium by subcutaneous injection, 1 injection in the morning and 1 injection in the evening (12 hours apart [no less than 8 hours apart]), as follows:  Subjects aged 0 to <8 weeks received 125 IU/kg dalteparin sodium.  Subjects aged 8 weeks to <2 years received 150 IU/kg dalteparin sodium.  Subjects aged 2 years to <8 years and subjects aged 8 years to <12 years received 125 IU/kg dalteparin sodium.  Subjects aged 12 years to <19 years received 100 IU/kg dalteparin sodium. Subjects who enrolled in the study prior to Protocol Amendment 7, dated 18 November 2015, received starting doses as follows:  Subjects aged 1 year to <6 years and subjects aged 6 years to <13 years received 125 IU/kg dalteparin sodium twice daily.  Subjects aged 13 years to <19 years received 100 IU/kg dalteparin sodium twice daily. All subjects had dose adjustments in 25 IU/kg increments or decrements based upon the target anti-Xa therapeutic range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL. Dalteparin sodium was administered subcutaneously every 12 hours ±1 hour (no less than 8 hours between doses). Anti-Xa levels were measured at 4 hours (±1 hour) post-dose daily for up to 7 days to determine if the anti-Xa level was within the target therapeutic range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL. If the therapeutic range was not achieved, the next dalteparin dose was adjusted. After dose adjustment, anti-Xa levels were re-measured after the first, second, or third dose per investigator judgment. The dosage may have been adjusted a maximum of 6 times (up to Day 7) to achieve the anti-Xa therapeutic range. If the target range was not achieved within the 7-day period, the subject was withdrawn from the study. The dose at which a therapeutic anti-Xa level was achieved was then maintained as the therapeutic dose in subsequent phases of the study unless dose adjustment was necessary. Pharmacodynamic Phase (Day 2 or 3 up to Day 14 [up to 7 days], following completion of Dose Adjustment Phase) Upon achieving the target anti-Xa level in the Dose Adjustment Phase, subjects entered into the PD Phase and continued dosing of dalteparin sodium every 12 hours 1 hour (no less than 8 hours between doses) with the final maintenance therapeutic dose from the Dose Adjustment Phase. Follow-Up Phase (Visits 5, 6, and 7, following completion of PD Phase) During the Follow-Up Phase, subjects continued daily dosing of dalteparin sodium subcutaneously every 12 hours 1 hour (no less than 8 hours between doses) with the final dose from the Dose Adjustment Phase until the end of study (EOS) or the early termination (ET). Treatment continued until any of the following occurred: new or progressive VTE (whether symptomatic or asymptomatic), bleeding necessitating permanent discontinuation of anticoagulant therapy, unexpected thrombocytopenia, other adverse events (AEs) necessitating discontinuation of study drug, withdrawal of consent, or scheduled study termination completion, or unexpected permanent discontinuation of anticoagulation therapy. Pharmacodynamic, Efficacy, Immunogenicity, Pharmacokinetic, or Outcomes Research Endpoints: Pharmacodynamics Anti-Xa assessments were conducted at both the local and central laboratories at each visit, except during the PD Phase, when the anti-Xa assessment was conducted at only the central laboratory. Additionally, the anti-IIa assessments were conducted only at the central laboratory at each visit. Primary PD Endpoints The median dose was presented overall and by each age group for subjects who achieved an anti -Xa level of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL during the Dose Adjustment Phase in the PD population. different ages with VTE was explored in a population PD analysis and is detailed in a separate standalone report. Secondary PD Endpoints The count and proportion of subjects achieving an anti-Xa therapeutic range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL during the Dose Adjustment Phase were summarized overall and by each age group within the safety population, along with the 2-sided exact 95% confidence interval (CI). The count and proportion of subjects with anti-Xa levels that remained within the therapeutic range at each visit during the Follow-Up Phase (Visit 5, Visit 6, and Visit 7) were summarized overall and by each age group, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI for the PD population. The count and percentage of subjects with anti-Xa levels outside the target range at 4 hours (1 hour) postdose at each visit during the Follow-Up Phase of study (Visit 5, Visit 6, and Visit 7) were summarized overall and by each age group, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI for the PD population. The maintenance dose, time to achieve the target range, and number of dose adjustments during the Dose Adjustment Phase were summarized overall and by each age group. Efficacy Subjects were assessed for objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE during dalteparin treatment. Imaging Documentation of an objectively diagnosed VTE was diagnosed using the following acceptable imaging at Screening:  Compression ultrasound with Doppler (CUD);  Computed tomography with/without venography (CT/CTV);  Magnetic resonance imaging with/without venography (MRI/MRV);  Conventional venography (CV);  V/Q scan (for pulmonary artery);  Spiral CT angiography (SCTA);  Conventional pulmonary angiogram (CPA). A suspected new or progressive symptomatic VTE, in the same anatomical region, was documented with the same imaging method used at Screening/ Baseline. Suspected new or progressive VTE in a different anatomical region was documented utilizing institutional standards. These images were collected and included in the primary source records. Thrombus resolution of the qualifying event was measured by repeat imaging at the EOS visit (using the same modality as that which was used to diagnosis the thrombosis prior to enrollment). If an image was captured prior to the EOS and it demonstrated complete resolution of the qualifying VTE, then a repeat image did not need to be done again at Day 90. For purposes of the study, the complete resolution image was the “EOS” image for the index event. Protocol Amendment 7, dated 18 November 2015, removed the Central Adjudication Committee for adjudicating bleeding events, thrombus resolution, and new or progressive VTEs. In the assessment of a new or progressive symptomatic thrombus, the following general definitions were utilized:  Symptomatic New VTE: Symptomatic VTE confirmed by at least 1 radiographic test. Asymptomatic VTE within a venous segment noted to be patent on a prior imaging study. Symptomatic was defined as: New or progressive signs and symptoms as judged by the investigator including but not limited to:  Objective swelling;  Pain or tenderness;  Pitting edema;  Erythema or cyanosis.  All New VTE: All VTE confirmed by at least 1 radiographic test.  Stable VTE: Follow-up study demonstrating stable clot burden utilizing the same imaging modality as the Screening Visit.  Regression of VTE: Follow-up study demonstrating regressed clot burden utilizing the same imaging modality as the Screening Visit.  Progression of VTE: Progression of clot burden on a follow-up study in terms of severity of occlusion, or involvement of new venous segments at any time after the initial diagnosis. In the assessment of a new or recurrent pulmonary embolism (PE), the following general definitions were utilized: pulmonary artery on CT angiography and/or a mismatched defect on a nuclear V/Q scan. All new PEs were considered to be a symptomatic event.  Stable PE: Follow-up study demonstrating stable clot burden utilizing the same imaging modality as the Screening Visit.  Regression of PE: Follow-up study demonstrating regressed clot burden utilizing the same imaging modality as at the Screening Visit.  Progression of PE: Progression of clot burden on a follow-up study in terms of involvement of new pulmonary arterial segments within 14 days after the initial diagnosis or PE. Determination of the above definitions was made utilizing set criteria based on clot location and imaging modality utilized. Deep vein thrombosis (DVT) and PE Specific Definitions: To meet the criteria for new or progressive DVT, 1 of the following criteria must have been met: 1. A new intraluminal filling defect in 2 or more projections on venography (new VTE). 2. A 5 cm or more extension or an intraluminal filling defect previously seen on ultrasound or venography (progression of VTE). 3. Presence of intraluminal thrombus. PE Specific Definition: To meet the criteria for new or progressive PE, 1 of the following criteria must have been met: 1. A new intraluminal filling defect or a sudden cut-off of vessels more than 2.5 mm in diameter on a pulmonary angiogram. 2. An intraluminal filling defect on CT angiography involving the main pulmonary artery, or proximal generations of the branch pulmonary arteries that were reliably evaluated by CT. 3. High probability V/Q scans. Immunogenicity Not Applicable. Not Applicable. Outcomes Research Not Applicable. Safety Evaluations: Safety data were summarized for all subjects who received at least 1 dose of dalteparin. Adverse Events AEs severity was graded using common terminology criteria for adverse events (CTCAE) (version 4.03). For serious adverse events (SAEs), the active reporting period to Pfizer or its designated representative began from the time that the subject provided informed consent (prior to the subject’s participation in the protocol, ie, prior to undergoing any study-related procedure and/or receiving dalteparin) up through and including 28 calendar days after the last administration of dalteparin. SAEs occurring after the active reporting period ended were reported to the Sponsor if the investigator became aware of them; at a minimum, all SAEs that the investigator believed had at least a reasonable possibility of being related to dalteparin were reported to the Sponsor. Laboratory Safety Tests Clinical laboratory tests (chemistry, antithrombin, and hematology) were performed at specified study visits and at the investigator’s discretion. Vital Signs and Physical Examination Vital signs (blood pressure, temperature, heart rate, respiratory rate, height, and weight) were measured at each study visit and a complete physical examination was performed at Screening and/or Baseline visit per investigator judgment, the end of the Dose Adjustment Phase, the PD Phase, and during the Follow-Up Phase at Visits 5, 6, and 7. Bleeding Events Bleeding events were classified as follows: Major Bleeding (Composite of the following) a. Fatal bleeding. b. Clinically overt bleeding associated with a decrease in hemoglobin of at least 2 g/dL in 24 hours. c. Overt bleeding deemed by the attending physician to be unrelated to the subject’s intra-articular. e. Overt bleeding deemed by the attending physician to necessitate permanent discontinuation of study medication. Clinically Relevant Non-Major Bleeding  Bleeding resulting in any medical or surgical interventions but which did not meet the criteria for major bleeding. Minor Bleeding  Bleeding that did not meet the criteria for major or clinically relevant non-major bleeding.  Screening evaluations may have been used as the baseline assessments. Antithrombin levels were performed once within 1 week post-diagnosis of VTE and at each study visit when anti-Xa samples were drawn. Statistical Methods: Pharmacodynamic Analysis Set The PD analysis set (PD population) included all subjects who received at least 1 dose of study drug and achieved the therapeutic range of anti-Xa during the Dose Adjustment Phase (Day 1 to Day 7). Safety Analysis Set The safety analysis set (safety population) included all the subjects who received at least 1 dose of study drug. Pharmacodynamics Pharmacodynamic endpoints were analyzed within the PD population. For the primary PD endpoints, the median dose was presented overall and by each age group for subjects who achieved an anti-Xa level of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL during the Dose Adjustment Phase in the PD population. For the secondary PD endpoints, the count and proportion subjects achieving an anti-Xa therapeutic range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL during the Dose Adjustment Phase were summarized overall and by each age group within the safety population, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI. In addition, the count and proportion of subjects with anti-Xa levels that remained within the therapeutic range at each visit during the Follow-Up Phase (Visit 5, Visit 6, and Visit 7) were summarized overall and by each age group, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI for the PD population. The count and percentage of subjects with anti-Xa levels outside the target range at 4 hours (1 hour) postdose at each visit during the maintenance dose, time to achieve the target range, and number of dose adjustments during the Dose Adjustment Phase were summarized overall and by each age group. Efficacy All efficacy endpoints were secondary endpoints and were analyzed within the pharmacodynamics (PD) population. The count and proportion of subjects with objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE during dalteparin treatment were summarized overall and by each age group, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI). In addition, the count and proportion of subjects with progression, regression, resolution and no change in the qualifying VTE (in comparison with the assessment at study entry) during dalteparin treatment were summarized overall and by each age group, along with the 2-sided exact 95% CI. Safety The safety summaries were performed within the safety population and consisted of descriptive statistics only. Number, mean, standard deviation (SD), median, minimum, and maximum were provided for continuous variables, and counts and percentages were presented for categorical variables. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: A summary of subject disposition is presented in Table 2. A total of 40 subjects were screened and 38 were treated with dalteparin sodium. The majority (20/38 [52.6%]) of subjects were in the 12 years to <19 years age cohort. A summary of disposition events by age cohort group is presented in Table 3. During the treatment phase, 26 (68.4%) subjects completed the study and 12 (31.6%) subjects discontinued from the study: 4 (10.5%) subjects discontinued due to AEs, 3 (7.9%) subjects discontinued due to “withdrawal by subject”, and 5 (13.2%) subjects discontinued due to other reasons. 0 to <8 wk 8 wk to <2 2 yr to <8 8 yr to 12 yr to Overall (N=1) yr yr <12 yr <19 yr (N=38) (N=2) (N=8) (N=7) (N=20) N/n = number of subjects; PD= pharmacodynamics; wk = weeks; yr = years. Table 3. Summary of Disposition Events by Age Cohort Group – Safety Population N/n = number of subjects; wk = weeks; yr = years. A summary of demographic and baseline characteristics for the safety population is shown in Table 4. The median age (range) was 12.6 (0.0684 to 18.7187) years, the majority of subjects were White (29 [76.3%] subjects) and Not Hispanic or Latino (30 [78.9%] subjects), and there were more male subjects than female subjects (24 versus 14 subjects). Table 4. Summary of Demographic Characteristics - Safety Population Max = maximum; min = minimum; N/n = number of subjects; SD = standard deviation; wk = weeks; yr = years. Results: Pharmacodynamics The anti-Xa activity versus time profile following dalteparin treatment in pediatric subjects of different ages with VTE was explored in a population PD analysis and is detailed in a separate standalone population PD report. The median dose of dalteparin required to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels (0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL) is presented in Table 5. The median dose of dalteparin (administered every 12 hours 1 hour) required to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels for the 8 weeks to <2 years cohort was 207.5 IU/kg (range: 201.5 to 213.5 IU/kg), for the 2 years to <8 years cohort it was 128.15 IU/kg (range: 123.9 IU/kg to 180.3 IU/kg), for the 8 years to <12 years cohort it was 125 IU/kg (range: 124.5 IU/kg to 152.6 IU/kg), and for the 12 years to <19 years cohort it was 116.7 IU/kg (range: 99.1 IU/kg to 159 IU/kg). Table 5. Median Dose of Dalteparin Achieving Anti-Xa Level of 0.5-1.0 IU/mL at 4 Hours (1 Hour) Post Dose During Dose Adjustment Phase - PD Population Anti-Xa = anti-factor Xa; PD = pharmacodynamics; wk = weeks; yr = years. a the median dose of dalteparin achieving anti-Xa level of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL at 4 hours (1 hour) was based on plasma anti-Xa data. phase, is presented in Table 6. A total of 34 (89.5%) subjects achieved therapeutic anti-Xa levels. A summary of therapeutic dose, time to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels, and the number of dose adjustments is presented in Table 7. Overall, the mean (SD) time to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels was 2.6 (1.54) days and the mean (SD) number of dose adjustments was 0.7 (0.98). The mean (SD) time to achieve therapeutic anti-Xa levels was 4.5 (0.71) days for the 8 weeks to <2 years cohort, 3.8 (2.19) days for the 2 years to <8 years cohort, 1.9 (0.69) days for the 8 years to <12 years cohort, and 2.1 (0.99) days for the 12 years to <19 years cohort. The mean (SD) number of dose adjustments was 3.5 (0.71) for the 8 weeks to <2 years cohort, 0.8 (0.89) for the 2 years to <8 years cohort, 0.3 (0.49) for the 8 years to <12 years cohort, and 0.5 (0.62) for the 12 years to <19 years cohort. Overall, the proportion of subjects that had anti-Xa levels that remained within therapeutic levels was 22/27 (81.5%) subjects at Visit 5/Day 30, 18/21 (85.7%) subjects at Visit 6/Day 60, and 14/18 (77.8%) subjects at Visit 7/Day 90. The proportion of subjects that had anti-Xa levels outside the target therapeutic range was 5/27 (18.5%) subjects at Visit 5/Day 30, 3/21 (14.3%) subjects at Visit 6/Day 60, and 4/18 (22.2%) subjects at Visit 7/Day 90. Table 6. Proportion of Subjects Achieving Therapeutic Anti-Xa Levels – Safety Population During the DA Phase, if a subject had any anti-Xa data from the central laboratory and had only anti-Xa data from the local laboratory achieving therapeutic target range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL, this subject was considered as achieving anti-Xa level of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL at DA Phase and included in this analysis. The 95% CI was calculated by using the exact method of Clopper-Pearson. Anti-Xa = anti-factor Xa; CI = confidence interval; DA = dose adjustment; N/n = number of subjects; wk = weeks; yr = years. Table 7. Summary of Therapeutic (Maintenance) Dose, Time to Achieve Therapeutic Anti-Xa Levels, and Number of Dose Adjustments - PD Population During the DA Phase, if a subject had any anti-Xa data from the central laboratory and had only anti-Xa data from the local laboratory achieving therapeutic target range of 0.5 to 1.0 IU/mL, this subject was included in the PD population and the therapeutic dose based on the anti-Xa from the local laboratory was used in this summary. Anti-Xa = anti-factor Xa; DA = dose adjustment; Max = maximum; min = minimum; N/n = number of subjects; PD = pharmacodynamics; SD = standard deviation; wk = weeks; yr = years. The proportion of subjects with objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE is presented in Table 8. One (2.9%) subject had an objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE. The subject had the following additional risk factors for VTE: hospitalization, central venous catheter, and an acute medical condition. Table 8. Proportion of Subjects With Objectively Documented New or Progressive Symptomatic VTE During Dalteparin Treatment – PD Population New or progressive symptomatic VTE was defined from information collected in the Adverse Event CRF page with dictionary-derived term equal to deep vein thrombosis.CRF=case report form; N/n = number of subjects; PD = pharmacodynamics; VTE = venous thromboembolism; wk = weeks; yr = years. qualifying VTE is presented in Table 9. Overall, no subjects had a clinical response of progression, 2 (5.9%) subjects had no change, 7 (20.6%) subjects had regression, and 21 (61.8%) subjects had resolution. One subject, who had regression, was overdosed (approximately 4 times the correct dose) as a result of pharmacy error, which was captured as a protocol deviation. Table 9. Proportion of Subjects with Clinical Response of Progression, No Change, Regression and Resolution in the Qualifying VTE at the End of Study – PD Population The category of clinical response was defined as the worst one at the end of study, and the order of severity is: Progression > No Change > Regression > resolution. Four subjects have no results of evaluation (progression, regression, resolution and no change). The 95% CI is calculated by using the exact method of Clopper-Pearson. CI = confidence interval; N/n = number of subjects; PD = pharmacodynamics; VTE = venous thromboembolism; wk = weeks; yr = years. Not Applicable. Pharmacokinetics Not Applicable. Safety Results: All-Causality Non-Serious Adverse Events: All-causality non-serious treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) by system organ class (SOC) and preferred term (PT) are summarized for the safety population in Table 10. Overall, the number of subjects with non-serious TEAEs was 1 (100.0%), 2 (100.0%), 7 (87.5%), 7 (100.0%), and 16 (80.0%) for the 0 to <8 weeks, 8 weeks to <2 years, 2 years to <8 years, 8 years to <12 years, 12 years to <19 years groups, respectively. Table 10 Basic Results Disclosure for Treatment Emergent Non-Serious Adverse Events by System Organ Class and Preferred Term (All Causality)       Subjects are only counted once per treatment for each row. Includes all data collected since the first dose of study drug and up to 30 days after last dosing. MedDRA v21.0 coding dictionary applied. AEs = adverse events; MedDRA = medical dictionary for regulatory activities; N/n = number of subjects; wk = weeks; yr = years. All-causality serious TEAEs by SOC and PT are summarized for the safety population in Table 11. Overall, the number of subjects with serious TEAEs was 0, 2 (100.0%), 3 (37.5%), 3 (42.9%), and 13 (65.0%) for the 0 to <8 weeks, 8 weeks to <2 years, 2 to <8 years, 8 to <12 years, 12 to <19 years groups, respectively. Table 11 Basic Results Disclosure for Treatment Emergent Serious Adverse Events by System Organ Class and Preferred Term (All Causality)  Includes all data collected since the first dose of study drug and up to 30 days after last dosing. Subjects are only counted once per treatment per event. MedDRA v21.0 coding dictionary applied. MedDRA = medical dictionary for regulatory activities; N/n = number of subjects; SAE = serious adverse event; wk = weeks; yr = years. Overall, 4/38 (10.5%) subjects permanently discontinued due to SAEs (by PT) of Intestinal haematoma (related to dalteparin), Thrombocytopenia (in 2 subjects; not related to dalteparin), and Hypertension (related to dalteparin). Deaths There was 1 death reported during the study. The cause of death was multiple organ dysfunction syndrome and disease progression, which occurred 153 days after the last dose of dalteparin and was not related to study treatment. CONCLUSION(S): Pharmacodynamics  The majority of subjects achieved therapeutic anti-Xa levels rapidly (mean [SD] 2.6 [1.54] days) with few dose adjustments (mean [SD] 0.7 [0.98]).  Younger subjects required a higher dose of dalteparin to achieve a therapeutic anti-Xa level 8 weeks to <2 years: 207.5 IU/kg versus 116.7 IU/kg for the 12 years to <19 years cohort. Efficacy  The majority of subjects (21 [61.8%]) had a clinical response of resolution with no clinical responses of progression in the qualifying VTE and a low incidence of subjects (7 [20.6%] subjects) with regression.  Only 1 subject had an objectively documented new or progressive symptomatic VTE further confirming the known efficacy profile for dalteparin. Safety  The safety results from the study are consistent with the established safety profile of dalteparin in adults and no new safety signals were identified.  Only 1 subject had a major bleeding event and less than half of all subjects had minor bleeding events. Overall The findings from this study indicate that dalteparin is safe and effective for the acute treatment and secondary prophylaxis of recurrent VTE in children with or without cancer. No new safety concerns were identified. The data supports the overall objectives, however, it should be noted that the sample sizes in the 2 youngest age cohort groups was limited. 