Sponsor: Pfizer Inc Investigational Product: Tofacitinib Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol A3921120 Protocol Title: A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Study of Efficacy and Safety of Tofacitinib in Patients With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS) Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None Study Initiation Date: 07 June 2018. Study Completion Date: 19 December 2019 (primary completion date) Report Date: 30 November 2020 Previous Report Date(s): 08 May 2020 Phase of Development: Phase 3 Study Objectives and Endpoints: Key Secondary Efficacy To compare the efficacy of ASAS40 response* at Week tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus 16. placebo on the ASAS402 response rate at Week 16 in subjects with active AS that have had an inadequate Efficacy/Health-related • To compare the efficacy • ASAS201 response* at all quality of life (HRQoL) (including health-related other time points. quality of life, function, pain, and fatigue) of • ASAS402 response* at all tofacitinib 5 mg BID other time points. versus placebo at all time points in subjects with • Change from baseline in active AS that have had an Ankylosing Spondylitis inadequate response to Disease Activity Score previous treatment. using CRP [ASDAS(CRP)]* at all time points. • Change from baseline in high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP)* at all time points. • Change from baseline in Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life (ASQoL)* at all time points collected. • Change from baseline in 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey Version 2 (SF-36v2)* at all time points collected. • Change from baseline in Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Metrology Index (BASMI)*  Type Objective Endpoint • Assessment in Ankylosing Spondylitis (ASAS 5/6) response at all time points. • ASAS partial remission criteria at all time points. • Change from baseline in Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index (BASDAI) at all time points. • Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Index 50% improvement (BASDAI50) response at all time points. • Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score (ASDAS) clinically important improvement, ASDAS major improvement and ASDAS inactive disease at all time points. • Change from baseline in Maastricht Ankylosing Spondylitis Enthesitis Score (MASES) at all time points collected. • Change from baseline in extra-articular Involvement (Specific Medical History and peripheral articular involvement [as assessed by change from baseline in swollen joint count]) at all time points collected. 1ASAS=Assessment of Ankylosing Spondylitis. ASAS20 improvement is defined as ≥20% and ≥1 unit in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening of ≥20% and ≥1 unit in the remaining domain. 2ASAS40 improvement criteria are classified as ≥40% and ≥2 units in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening at all in the remaining domain. *Global Type I error-controlled efficacy endpoints at Week 16 were tested in the following sequence: ASAS20, ASAS40, change from baseline in ASDAS(CRP), change from baseline in hsCRP, change from baseline in ASQoL, change from baseline in SF-36v2 Physical Component Summary, change from baseline in BASMI, and change from baseline in the FACIT-F Total score. **Type I error-controlled secondary efficacy endpoints in the ASAS family at Week 16 were tested in the following sequence: change from baseline in PGA, change from baseline in total back pain, change from baseline in BASFI, and change from baseline in inflammation (average of questions 5 and 6 of the BASDAI). Type I error-control for ASAS20 at earlier timepoints tested in the following sequence: Weeks 16, 12, 8, 4 and 2. Type I error-control for ASAS40 at earlier timepoints tested in the following sequence: Weeks 16, 12, 8, 4 and 2. METHODS Study Design: This is an ongoing Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled efficacy and safety study designed to compare tofacitinib to placebo in subjects with active AS. Eligible subjects were treated with one of the 2 blinded sequences for 16 weeks followed by treatment with open-label tofacitinib 5 mg BID for an additional 32 weeks. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Subjects with active AS defined as: Modified New York Criteria for Ankylosing Spondylitis (1984), BASDAI score of ≥4 and back pain score (BASDAI Question 2) of ≥4 at both screening and baseline and that have had an inadequate response to at least 2 different NSAIDs, and were additionally either naïve to biological Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drug (bDMARD) or have had inadequate response (IR) to TNFi (tumor necrosis factor inhibitor[s]). Subjects who were bDMARD experienced but without inadequate response (bDMARD use [non-IR]) were also enrolled in this study. Study Treatment: Subjects were randomized at the baseline visit in a 1:1 ratio to one of the following 2 parallel blinded treatment sequences for a total of 16 weeks of treatment followed by open-label treatment with tofacitinib 5 mg BID for an additional 32 weeks. Randomization was stratified by prior treatment history: (1) bDMARD-naive (approximately 80%) and (2) TNFi-IR or bDMARD use (non-IR) (approximately 20%) (Table S2). See Table S3 for investigation product details. PM tablet in the AM & PM for 32 weeks Efficacy Evaluations: ASAS Improvement Criteria ASAS20, ASAS40, ASAS 5/6, and ASAS partial remission responses were derived from several of the Patient Reported Outcome measures or disease activity assessments. For the primary (ASAS20 response) and key secondary (ASAS40 response) endpoints, 4 domains were assessed: the Patient Global Assessment of Disease, Spinal Pain (total back pain), Function (BASFI) and Inflammation (which is the mean of questions 5 and 6 from the BASDAI) at Week 16. ASAS20 response was defined as an improvement from baseline of ≥20% and ≥1 unit in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening of ≥20% and ≥1 unit in the remaining domain. ASAS40 response was defined as an improvement from baseline of ≥40% and ≥2 units in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening at all in the remaining domain. ASAS20 response and ASAS20 are used interchangeably in this clinical study report (CSR). Similarly, ASAS40 response and ASAS40 are used interchangeably. ASAS 5/6 assessed 6 domains: the 4 domains as noted in the ASAS20 and ASAS40, hsCRP, and Spinal mobility, specifically lateral spinal flexion (a component of BASMI). ASAS 5/6 response is defined as improvement from baseline ≥20% in at least 5 domains. ASAS partial remission is based on the same 4 ASAS domains noted above. Partial remission is defined as a response if a score of 2 or less (on a scale of 0-10) for each of the 4 domains. ASDAS(CRP) The ASDAS(CRP) endpoint was derived from several patient reported outcomes and hsCRP using the following formula. ASDAS(CRP) = 0.121 × Back Pain + 0.058 × Duration of Morning Stiffness + 0.110 × Patient Global + 0.073 × Peripheral Pain/Swelling + 0.579 × Ln(hsCRP mg/L+1) Question 2 of the BASDAI provided the data for Back Pain, Question 6 of the BASDAI provided the data for Duration of Morning Stiffness, the score from the Patient Global Assessment of Disease was utilized for the Patient Global and Question 3 of the BASDAI contributed the data for Peripheral Pain/Swelling. The ASDAS(CRP) clinically important improvement, major improvement and inactive disease responses were calculated from the ASDAS(CRP) data. Post Hoc Analysis of ASDAS(CRP) Related Endpoints hsCRP (mg/L) is one of the components used to derive the value of ASDAS(CRP). Values of hsCRP as low as 0.199 mg/L (by resetting the LLOQ of 0.2 mg/L) were used to derive ASDAS(CRP) in the prespecified analyses. A publication in 2015 recommended that any values of hsCRP lower than 2 mg/L should be set to 2 mg/L to calculate ASDAS(CRP). This recommendation was adopted to derive ASDAS(CRP) and the endpoints based on ASDAS(CRP) as post hoc analyses. The results of the prespecified and the post hoc analyses were consistent, which are presented in efficacy result and conclusion sections below. BASMI The BASMI was used to assess the axial status and mobility (cervical, dorsal and lumbar spine, hips and pelvic soft tissue) and was obtained by the qualified blinded assessor. The combined index score was calculated by the sponsor using the individual scores from the following measures: lateral spinal flexion, tragus-to-wall distance, lumbar flexion (modified Schober), maximal intermalleolar distance, and cervical rotation. Spinal Mobility (Chest Expansion) Chest expansion was measured at maximal inspiration and expiration and was obtained by the qualified blinded assessor. The difference between maximal inspiration and expiration of two attempts was obtained and the better of the two attempts was utilized for data reporting. MASES Enthesitis was evaluated by the qualified blinded assessor using MASES. Thirteen sites (right and left) were assessed for tenderness. Scoring at each site was 0 for no tenderness or 1 for tenderness. Extra-Articular Involvement - Swollen Joint Count Swollen joint count (SJC) (44) was used to assess extra articular involvement and was evaluated by the qualified blinded assessor. SJC(44) were assessed using the following scale: Present/Absent/Not Done/Not Applicable (to be used for artificial or missing joints) for determination of the total number of swollen joints. BASDAI The BASDAI is a validated questionnaire that consists of 6 questions pertaining to the 5 major symptoms of AS: fatigue; spinal pain; peripheral arthritis; enthesitis, intensity of morning stiffness and duration of morning stiffness. Each question was rated using a numerical rating scale from 0 (none) to 10 (very severe). The BASDAI score was calculated by computing the mean of questions 5 and 6 and adding it to the sum of questions 1-4. The sum of the scores was then divided by 5. BASFI The BASFI is a set of 10 questions designed to determine the degree of functional limitation in those with AS. The first 8 questions consider activities related to functional anatomy. The final 2 questions assess the subjects’ ability to cope with everyday life. A 0-10 numerical rating scale was used to answer the questions with 0 being “Easy” and 10 being “Impossible.” The score was derived from the mean of the 10 items by the sponsor and was indicative of the subject’s level of ability. Patient Global Assessment of Disease Subjects assessed their overall disease activity over the last week using a numerical rating scale between 0 (Not Active) and 10 (Very Active) to the question, “How active was your spondylitis on average during the last week?” Results of this assessment were used to calculate the ASAS improvement criteria. Patient Assessment of Spinal Pain Two numerical rating scales (NRS) were used to assess the subject’s spinal pain: level of nocturnal pain and total back pain on average during the last week. For each of these scales, subjects marked their level of pain on a 0-10 NRS anchored by 0 for “No Pain” to 10 “Most Severe Pain.” Results of total back pain were used to calculate the ASAS improvement criteria. ASQoL The ASQoL is an 18-item questionnaire assessing the amount of restriction the subject is experiencing in daily activities, level of pain and fatigue, and the impact on the subject’s emotional state. Each item was scored as 0 (no impact) or 1 (yes impact). A total score was calculated by summing the items. The total score ranged from 0 to 18, with higher values indicating more impaired health-related quality of life. SF-36v2 (Acute) The SF-36v2 (Acute) is a 36-item generic health status measure. It measures 8 general health domains (norm-based scores were used in analyses): physical functioning, role limitations due to physical health, bodily pain, general health perceptions, vitality, social functioning, role limitations due to emotional problems, and mental health. These domains were also summarized as physical and mental component summary scores. EQ-5D-3L The EuroQol 3 Levels EQ-5D-3L Health State Profile (3 levels) is a subject completed instrument designed to assess impact on health-related quality of life in five domains: mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression. Scores from the five domains were used to calculate a single index value, also known as a utility score. In addition, “Your own health state today” (EQ-VAS) recorded the subject’s self-rated health, score ranged from 0 to 100 mm, with higher scores representing better health state today. FACIT-F The FACIT-F is a subject completed questionnaire consisting of 13 items that assess fatigue. Instrument scoring yields a range from 0 to 52 for the total score, with higher scores representing better subject status (less fatigue). The FACIT-F was also summarized as WPAI The WPAI is a 6-item questionnaire that is specific for spondyloarthritis which yields four types of scores: absenteeism, presenteesism (impairment at work/reduced job effectiveness), work productivity loss and activity impairment. WPAI outcomes are expressed as impairment percentages with higher numbers indicating greater impairment and less productivity. AS-HSRU The AS-HCRU is a seventeen item scale that is designed to assess healthcare usage during the previous 3 months across a wide number of direct medical cost domains. The scale also assesses indirect costs associated with functional disability and impaired productivity at home and at work. Pharmacokinetic Evaluations: Pharmacokinetic blood samples were collected at Weeks 4 and 8 (Pre-dose, 0.5, 2, and 3 hours post dose). Samples were analyzed using a validated analytical method in compliance with Pfizer standard operating procedures. Safety Evaluations: The safety evaluations included incidence and severity of AEs, clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, physical examination, and 12-lead ECG parameters. Statistical Methods: There will be a total of 2 planned analyses conducted when all applicable subjects have completed their Week 16 and Week 48 (including follow-up) visits, respectively. This analysis (Week 16 analysis) included all efficacy data through Week 16 and the safety data through the data cutoff date. The efficacy analysis results through Week 16 obtained from the Week 16 analysis are considered final and definitive. Analysis of the Primary Endpoint The ASAS20 response rate at Week 16 was the primary efficacy endpoint in this trial. The analysis of the primary endpoint was based on the full analysis set, which included all randomized subjects who took at least 1 dose of investigational product. For the primary analysis, the normal approximation for the difference in binomial proportions adjusting for the stratification factor (ie, prior treatment history: bDMARD-naïve versus TNFi-IR or bDMARD Use [Non-IR]) at randomization (derived from the clinical database) via the Cochran–Mantel–Haenszel approach was used to estimate the treatment effect (treatment difference, standard error, 95% confidence interval) and to test (using Normal Z-test) the superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo and to generate a confidence interval for the difference. Missing values for any reason were handled by setting the ASAS20 value to nonresponsive. Analysis of the Secondary and Other Endpoints Binary variables followed the analyses using the normal approximation to estimating binomial proportions as described for the ASAS20 and continuous endpoints were analyzed as change from baseline without imputation of missing values as appropriate with a mixed model for repeated measures (MMRM) that included fixed effects of treatment group, visit, and treatment-group by visit interaction, stratification factor (ie, prior treatment history: bDMARD-naïve versus TNFi-IR or bDMARD Use [Non-IR]) at randomization (derived from clinical database), stratification-factor by visit interaction, baseline value, and baseline- value by visit interaction. An unstructured variance covariance matrix was used, provided that the model converged, otherwise an alternative covariance structure was attempted. Descriptive statistics were calculated and displayed. For continuous endpoints with a single post-baseline visit, the change from baseline was analyzed with an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model that includes fixed effects of treatment group, stratification factor (ie, prior treatment history: "bDMARD-naïve” versus "TNFi-IR or bDMARD Use [Non-IR]") at randomization (derived from clinical database), and baseline value. Control for Type I Error Rate This protocol was designed to establish the superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo for the treatment of active AS based on the primary endpoint of ASAS20 at Week 16 in subjects who have had an inadequate response to previous treatments. All statistical tests were conducted at the 2-sided 5% (or equivalently 1-sided 2.5%) significance level for comparing tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo. Type I error was controlled at 2-sided 5% or equivalently 1-sided 2.5%. For the primary endpoint of ASAS20 at Week 16, if the 2-sided p value was ≤5%, the superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo will be declared for this primary endpoint and the primary objective of this study is met. Hypothesis testing continued to the global family of select set of secondary endpoints stated below. For each of the endpoints within this family, superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo was declared if statistical significance was achieved under the step-down testing procedure. In addition, three other families of hypotheses, ASAS family endpoints (Type I Error Control for Endpoints in the ASAS Family), the ASAS20 and the ASAS40 earlier time points (Type I Error Control for ASAS20 and ASAS40 at Earlier Time Points) were also tested. For each of the endpoints or time points of ASAS20/ASAS40, superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID to placebo was declared if statistical significance was achieved under its respective step-down testing procedure. Global Type I Error Control (for the primary endpoint and a select set of secondary endpoints): The family-wise Type I error rate was controlled at the 2-sided 5% (or equivalently 1-sided 2.5%) significance level using a step-down testing procedure for the primary endpoint of ASAS20, the key secondary endpoint of ASAS40 and a select set of secondary endpoints at Week 16 were tested in the sequence below: ASAS20, ASAS40, baseline in ASQoL, change from baseline in SF-36v2 Physical Component Summary (PCS), change from baseline in BASMI, and change from baseline in the FACIT-F Total score. If an endpoint failed to declare statistical significance, this endpoint and the remaining endpoints lower in the hierarchy were considered non-significant. The rationale for the selection and ordering of the select set of secondary endpoints are clinical importance, precedence and likelihood of statistical success based on the results of Study A3921119. Type I Error Control for Endpoints in the ASAS Family: A step-down testing procedure was applied to the 4 ASAS components used in deriving ASAS20 and tested in the sequence below: ASAS20, change from baseline in PGA, change from baseline in total back pain, change from baseline in BASFI, and change from baseline in inflammation (average of questions 5 and 6 of BASDAI) at Week 16. When an endpoint failed to declare statistical significance, this endpoint and the remaining endpoints lower in the hierarchy were considered non-significant. Though this testing scheme did not protect the Type I error for the family of all possible comparisons, it provided Type I error protection for testing the family of ASAS endpoints. Type I Error Control for ASAS20 and ASAS40 at Earlier Time Points: In order to be more rigorous about establishing the onset of efficacy as measured by ASAS20 and ASAS40 at the earliest time point at which there was statistical separation between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo, a step-down approach with the ASAS20 and ASAS40 from Week 16 to earlier time points (order of testing: Weeks 16, 12, 8, 4, and 2) was used for each time point. Though this testing scheme did not protect the Type I error for the family of all possible comparisons, it provided Type I error protection for testing the family of ASAS20 and ASAS40 time points. PK Analysis Plasma tofacitinib concentration data were listed by individual subject and summarized by time and tofacitinib dose group. Further analysis of PK evaluations from this study will be captured in a separate report. Safety Analysis The safety analysis is considered an interim analysis and included all the data through Week 16 and beyond for those subjects who had passed the Week 16 visit at data cutoff. All the safety data were summarized descriptively. Special attention was given to the following safety parameters and events: hemoglobin levels, neutrophil counts, lymphocyte counts, serum creatinine levels, platelet counts, transaminase levels, bilirubin levels (and other measures of liver function), creatine kinase, anemia, serious infections and opportunistic infections RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Subject disposition up to Week 16 (placebo- controlled period) for tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus placebo is presented in Figure S1. The proportion of subjects that discontinued study drug from Day 1 up to Week 48 was higher for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID. Subjects discontinued study drug in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group due to AEs (7 subjects), lack of efficacy (5 subjects), and withdrawal by subject (1 subject). Subjects discontinued study drug in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group due to AEs (1 subject), lack of efficacy (2 subject), lost to follow up (1 subject), physician decision (1 subject), withdrawal by subject (2 subject), and other (2 subjects). Other reasons included 1 subject who continued off drug worried from AE (no AE was reported) and 1 subject who was not willing to continue to take the study drug and stopped taking the drug permanently. Demographic and baseline characteristics were balanced between treatment groups. The mean age of subjects for both treatment groups was 41.1 years. Most subjects were male (83.3%). The majority of subjects were white (79.2%); 20.4% of all subjects were of Asian descent. The median disease symptom duration was 10.7 years (range: 0.3, 49.4) with median AS diagnosis duration of 4.9 years. The median BASDAI score was 6.5 (range: 1.5, 10.0). Figure S1. Subject Disposition (Up to Week 16) N=number of subjects Efficacy Results: Type I Error-Controlled Endpoints Primary Endpoint The study met the primary endpoint, tofacitinib 5 mg BID demonstrated superiority over placebo in ASAS20 response at Week 16 (p <0.0001) (Table S4). The results from all pre-specified supportive analyses were consistent with the primary analysis. The efficacy of tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus placebo for ASAS20 responses at Week 16 was consistent across different subgroups examined with the exception of the geographic region of North America (US and Canada), likely due to small sample size (N = 16 in tofacitinib and N = 11 in placebo). Key Secondary Endpoint The study met the key secondary endpoint, tofacitinib 5 mg BID demonstrated superiority over placebo in ASAS40 response at Week 16 (p <0.0001) (Table S5). The results from all efficacy of tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus placebo for ASAS40 responses at Week 16 was consistent across different subgroups examined except for baseline weight in the category of >100 kg, likely due to small sample size (N = 18 in tofacitinib and N = 10 in placebo). Other Secondary Efficacy Endpoints Type I Error-Controlled Endpoints Superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID over placebo in ASAS20 response rate was demonstrated at Week 2 (the first post-baseline assessed timepoint) and at all subsequent post-baseline visits (p <0.001). Superiority of tofacitinib 5 mg BID over placebo in ASAS40 response rate was demonstrated at all post-baseline visits beginning at Week 4 (p-value <0.0001). Tofacitinib 5 mg BID demonstrated superiority to placebo in signs and symptoms as well as health-related outcomes (quality of life and fatigue), based on the mean changes from baseline in ASDAS(CRP), hsCRP, ASQoL, SF-36v2 PCS Score, BASMI, and FACIT-F • The least square (LS) mean change from baseline in ASDAS(CRP) showed a statistically significant decrease for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (both pre- specified and post-hoc analyses) (p <0.0001) based on the MMRM analysis. • The LS mean change from baseline in hsCRP showed a statistically significant decrease for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (p <0.0001) based on the MMRM analysis. • There was a statistically significant LS mean decrease from baseline in ASQoL for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (p <0.001) based on ANCOVA. • There was a statistically significant LS mean increase from baseline for the SF-36v2 Physical Component Summary score for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (p <0.0001) based on ANCOVA. • The LS mean change from baseline in the BASMI linear method score showed a statistically significant difference for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (p <0.0001) based on MMRM. • The LS mean increase from baseline in FACIT-F total score demonstrated a statistically significant difference for tofacitinib 5 mg BID from placebo at Week 16 (p <0.001) based on MMRM. • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID demonstrated superiority to placebo in mean change from baseline in each of the 4 ASAS components: PGA, Total Back Pain, BASFI (physical function), and Inflammation (average of questions 5 and 6 of BASDAI) at Week 16. The LS mean change from baseline in all ASAS component endpoints showed statistically significant decreases for the tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (p <0.0001) based on MMRM. Non-Type I Error-Controlled Endpoints ASDAS(CRP) at all Other Time Points The LS means decrease from baseline in ASDAS(CRP) for tofacitinib 5 mg BID were greater than those of placebo at all other time points (both pre-specified and post-hoc analyses) (2-sided 95% confidence interval [CI] excluded 0). hsCRP at all Other Time Points The LS means decrease from baseline in hsCRP for tofacitinib 5 mg BID were greater than those of placebo at all other time points (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0). SF-36v2 8 Health Domain and the Mental Component Summary scores at Week 16 The LS mean increases from baseline for physical functioning, role-physical, bodily pain, general health, and social functioning domains were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on ANCOVA. No differences in LS means for vitality, role-emotional and mental health domains and the mental component summary score were observed between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo. BASMI Component Scores at all Other Time Points At Week 16, the LS mean changes from baseline for the 5 component scores were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0). The LS mean improvements from baseline were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) beginning at Week 2 for lateral lumbar flexion, lumbar flexion (Modified Schober) and the linear method score, Week 4 for intermalleolar distance and tragus-to-wall distance, and Week 8 for the cervical rotation based on MMRM. FACIT-F Total Score at all Other Time Points and Domain Scores at all Time Points The LS mean increases from baseline in FACIT-F domain (experience and impact) scores were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Week 16 (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on MMRM. The LS mean increases from baseline in FACIT-F total score, experience and impact domain scores for tofacitinib 5 mg BID were greater than placebo at all other time points (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0). ASAS Components at all Other Time Points The LS means change from baseline in all ASAS component endpoints (PGA, total back pain, BASFI, and inflammation [average of questions 5 and 6 of BASDAI]) for tofacitinib 5 mg BID were greater than those of placebo at Week 2 (the first assessment time point) and at all other time points (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0). Patient’s Assessment of Spinal Pain at all Time Points Nocturnal Spinal Pain The LS mean decreases from baseline in nocturnal spinal pain were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on MMRM beginning at Week 2 through Week 16. See ASAS components for Total Back Pain. ASAS 5/6 Response at all Time Points The ASAS 5/6 response rate for tofacitinib 5 mg BID was greater than placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on CMH normal approximation beginning at Week 2 through Week 16. The ASAS partial remission criteria response rate of tofacitinib 5 mg BID was greater than placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on CMH normal approximation, beginning at Week 4 through Week 16. BASDAI at all Time Points The LS mean decrease from baseline in the BASDAI total score was greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on MMRM, beginning at Week 2 through Week 16. BASDAI50 Response at all Time Points The BASDAI50 response rate for tofacitinib 5 mg BID was greater than placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on CMH normal approximation beginning at Week 2 through Week 16. ASDAS(CRP) Responses at all Time Points The ASDAS(CRP) clinically important improvement (defined as decrease from baseline of ≥1.1 for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥1.1 (pre-specified analysis) and ≥1.736 (post hoc analysis) and major improvement (defined as decrease from baseline of ≥2.0 for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥2.0 (pre-specified analysis) and ≥2.636 (post hoc analysis) response rates for tofacitinib 5 mg BID were greater compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on CMH normal approximation beginning at Week 2 through Week 16. The ASDAS(CRP) inactive disease (defined as ASDAS(CRP) <1.3 for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥1.3 [both pre-specified and post-hoc analyses]) response rate for tofacitinib 5 mg BID was greater compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on CMH normal approximation beginning at Week 4 through Week 16 (pre-specified analysis) but beginning at Week 8 through Week 16 (post-hoc analysis). MASES at all Time Points No difference in LS mean change from baseline in MASES (for subjects with MASES >0 at baseline) was observed between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo at Week 16 (2-sided 95% CI included 0) based on MMRM. The LS mean decrease from baseline in MASES (for subjects with MASES >0 at baseline) was greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on MMRM at Weeks 4, 8, and 12. Peripheral Articular Involvement Peripheral articular involvement was assessed by change from baseline in SJC(44). At baseline, 71 subjects had at least 1 swollen joint and were included in the analysis. No difference in LS mean change from baseline in SJC(44) was observed between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo at any time point (2-sided 95% CI included 0) based on MMRM. Spinal Mobility (Chest Expansion) at all Time Points No difference in LS mean change from baseline in spinal mobility - chest expansion was observed between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo at Week 16 based on MMRM. The LS mean increase from baseline in spinal mobility - chest expansion was greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo at Weeks 2, 4, and 12 (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on MMRM. EQ-5D-3L at Week 16 The LS mean improvement from baseline in EQ-5D-3L mobility, pain/discomfort, and EQ- VAS (Your Own Health State Today, mm) were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on ANCOVA. No difference in LS mean in EQ-5D-3L self-care, usual activities, and anxiety/depression were observed between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo (2-sided 95% CI included 0) based on ANCOVA. WPAI at Week 16 The LS mean decreases from baseline were greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo for all scores except percent work time missed due to health problem (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on ANCOVA. Tertiary/Exploratory Endpoints AS-HCRU at Week 16 At Week 16, the LS mean decrease in AS-HCRU self-rating of job performance at work was greater for tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo (2-sided 95% CI excluded 0) based on ANCOVA. FACS Analysis of Lymphocyte Subsets Baseline values for absolute CD3, CD4, CD8, CD19, and CD16+56 were similar between the treatment groups. • The median percent change from baseline in absolute CD3 initially increased at Week 4 (3.02%) followed by decreases through Week 16 (-3.43%) and Week 48 (-12.03%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to the placebo (2.04% at Week 16) or placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (-5.20% at Week 48).The median percent change from baseline in absolute CD4 initially increased at Week 4 (4.67%) followed by decreases through Week 16 (-0.10%) and Week 48 (-10.20%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to placebo (0.15% at Week 16) or placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (-2.02% at Week 48).There was a median percent decrease from baseline in absolute CD8 beginning at Week 16 (-4.28%) which continued through Week 48 (-16.16%) in tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to the placebo (3.18% at Week 16) or placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (-6.44% at Week 48).There was a median percent increase from baseline in absolute CD19 beginning at Week 4 (29.48%) through Weeks 16 (30.08%) and 48 (7.80%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to the placebo (4.36% at Week 16) or placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (20.95% at Week 48).There was a median percent decrease from baseline in absolute CD16+56 and beginning at Week 4 (-10.90%) through Weeks 16 (-23.40%) and Week 48 (-25.17%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to the placebo (0.40% at Week 16) or placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (-15.56% at Week 48).Pharmacokinetic Results: Plasma tofacitinib concentration data were listed and summarized by time and tofacitinib dose group using the PK analysis set. Safety Results: Safety was assessed in all subjects who received at least 1 dose of the investigational product. • The proportion of patients who experienced all-causality treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was slightly higher in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to placebo up to Weeks 16 and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID up to Week 48 (Table S6). • The majority of reported all-causality TEAEs were mild to moderate in both treatment groups up to Weeks 16 and 48; with a low number of severe TEAEs occurring in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. • All serious adverse events (SAEs) up to Weeks 16 and 48 were in subjects who received tofacitinib 5 mg BID (6 subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 1 subject after advancing from placebo to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group). Two out of 7 SAE cases (subjects) were considered to be treatment-related. • No subjects discontinued the study due to AEs up to Weeks 16 and 48 (per protocol design). • Up to Weeks 16 and 48, a higher proportion of subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg group discontinued study drug or had a temporary discontinuation due to AEs (there were no dose reductions; tofacitinib 5 mg BID was the only dose regimen per protocol). The trends were similar for treatment-related TEAEs. • No deaths, adjudicated malignancies, cardiovascular (CV)/Major Adjudicated Cardiovascular Events (MACEs), opportunistic infections (OIs), interstitial lung disease (ILD) events, gastrointestinal (GI) perforations, or pulmonary embolisms (Pes)/deep vein thromboses (DVTs)/ arterial thromboembolisms (ATEs) were reported in the study. • One serious infection (meningitis) was reported in tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. This event was adjudicated as not meeting the OI criteria. • No subjects experienced herpes zoster up to Week 16. Up to Week 48, 5 non-serious herpes zoster cases including 1 herpes ophthalmic were reported (4 subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 1 subject in tofacitinib 5 mg BID after advancing from placebo group). The herpes ophthalmic case was adjudicated as not meeting the OI • The laboratory changes for tofacitinib 5 mg BID dose in subjects with AS were consistent with the safety profile of tofacitinib across other tofacitinib programs. • The median changes from baseline in blood pressure, pulse rate, height, temperature appeared to be comparable in all treatment groups and stable over time up to Week 48. • There were no clinically meaningful median changes from baseline in ECG parameters in any of the treatment groups. • There was a small median increase from baseline in weight (about 1 kg difference) in tofacitinib 5 mg BID compared to placebo; the median increase from baseline in weight appeared to be similar in tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID up to Week 48. Conclusion(s): Efficacy Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is an efficacious treatment in patients with active AS who had an inadequate response to NSAIDs. • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is efficacious in controlling the signs and symptoms of AS: • The study met the primary objective demonstrating that tofacitinib 5 mg BID was superior to placebo in ASAS20 response at Week 16. The study met the key secondary objective demonstrating that tofacitinib 5 mg BID was superior to placebo in ASAS40 response at Week 16. • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is efficacious in reducing disease activity and pain (ASDAS(CRP), hsCRP, PGA, total back pain, inflammation measurements of BASDAI, and BASMI). • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID showed efficacy measured by ASAS20 and ASAS40 by 2 weeks (first post-baseline efficacy assessment timepoint) and 4 weeks, respectively, through Week 16. • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is efficacious in improving physical function and health-related outcomes: • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is efficacious on the BASFI measurement. • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID is efficacious on the AS health-related outcomes (ASQoL, SF-36v2 PCS, and FACIT-F). • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID efficacy is consistent in ASAS20 and ASAS40 among AS subgroups in prior treatment history, geographic region, baseline demographics and disease characteristics. Safety • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID dose had an acceptable safety profile and was well tolerated in subjects with AS. • No new safety signals specific to the AS population treated with tofacitinib 5 mg BID were identified. Sponsor: Pfizer, Inc. Investigational Product: Tofacitinib Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol A3921120 Protocol Title: A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled, Study of the Efficacy and Safety of Tofacitinib in Subjects With Active Ankylosing Spondylitis (AS). Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): A total of 57 sites randomized subjects from the following countries: Australia (3), Bulgaria (2), Canada (2), China (5), Czech Republic (3), France (1), Hungary (2), Republic of Korea (3), Poland (9), Russian Federation (6), Turkey (4), Ukraine (5), United States (12). Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None Study Initiation Date: 07 June 2018 Study Completion Date: 20 August 2020 Report Date: 15 December 2020 Previous Report Date(s): Not Applicable Phase of Development: Phase 3. Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: Efficacy To compare the efficacy of • ASAS40 response at tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus Week 16. placebo on the ASAS402 response rate at Week 16 in subjects with active AS that have Efficacy/HRQoL To compare the efficacy • ASAS201 response at all (including health-related quality other time points. of life, function, pain, and fatigue) of tofacitinib 5 mg BID • ASAS402 response at all versus placebo at all time points other time points. in subjects with active AS that have had an inadequate response • Change from baseline in to previous treatment. Ankylosing Spondylitis Disease Activity Score using CRP (ASDAS[CRP]) at all time points. • Change from baseline in high sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) at all time points. • Change from baseline in Ankylosing Spondylitis Quality of Life (ASQoL) at all time points collected. • Change from baseline in 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey Version 2 (SF-36v2) at all time points collected. • Change from baseline in Bath Ankylosing Spondylitis Metrology Index (BASMI) including the 5 components (lateral spine flexion, tragus-to-wall distance, lumbar flexion, maximal intermalleolar distance and  Tertiary/Exploratory 1ASAS=Assessment in Ankylosing Spondylitis. ASAS20 improvement is defined as 20% and 1 unit in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening of 20% and 1 unit in the remaining domain. 2ASAS40 improvement criteria are classified as 40% and 2 units in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening at all in the remaining domain. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled efficacy and safety study designed to compare tofacitinib to placebo in subjects with active AS. Eligible subjects were treated with one of the 2 blinded sequences for 16 weeks followed by treatment with open-label tofacitinib 5 mg BID for an additional 32 weeks. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Subjects with active AS defined as: Modified New York Criteria for Ankylosing Spondylitis (1984), BASDAI score of 4 and back pain score (BASDAI Question 2) of 4 at both screening and baseline and that have had an inadequate response to at least 2 different non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and were additionally either naïve to biological Disease-Modifying Anti-Rheumatic Drug (bDMARD) or have had inadequate response (IR) to TNFi (tumor necrosis factor inhibitor[s]). Subjects who were bDMARD experienced but without inadequate response (bDMARD use [non-IR]) were also enrolled in this study. Study Treatment: Subjects were randomized at the baseline visit in a 1:1 ratio to one of the following 2 parallel blinded treatment sequences for a total of 16 weeks of treatment followed by open-label treatment with tofacitinib 5 mg BID for an additional 32 weeks (Table S2). Randomization was stratified by prior treatment history: (1) bDMARD-naive (approximately 80%) and (2) TNFi-IR or bDMARD use (non-IR) (approximately 20%). See Table S3 for investigation product details.  Efficacy Evaluations: ASAS Improvement Criteria ASAS20, ASAS40, ASAS 5/6, and ASAS partial remission responses were derived from several of the Patient Reported Outcome measures or disease activity assessments. For the primary (ASAS20 response) and key secondary (ASAS40 response) endpoints, 4 domains were assessed: the Patient Global Assessment of Disease, Spinal Pain (total back pain), Function (BASFI) and Inflammation (morning stiffness, which is the mean of questions 5 and 6 from the BASDAI) at Week 16. ASAS20 response was defined as an improvement from baseline of 20% and 1 unit in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening of 20% and 1 unit in the remaining domain. ASAS40 response was defined as an improvement from baseline of 40% and 2 units in at least 3 domains on a scale of 0-10 and no worsening at all in the remaining domain. ASAS20 response and ASAS20 are used interchangeably in this clinical study report (CSR). Similarly, ASAS40 response and ASAS40 are used interchangeably. ASAS 5/6 assessed 6 domains: the 4 domains as noted in the ASAS20 and ASAS40, hsCRP, and Spinal mobility, specifically lateral spinal flexion (a component of BASMI). ASAS 5/6 response is defined as improvement from baseline 20% in at least 5 domains. ASAS partial remission is based on the same 4 ASAS domains noted above. Partial remission is defined as a response if a score of 2 or less (on a scale of 0-10) for each of the 4 domains. ASDAS(CRP) The ASDAS(CRP) endpoint was derived from several patient reported outcomes and hsCRP using the following formula. ASDAS(CRP) = 0.121 × Back Pain + 0.058 × Duration of Morning Stiffness + 0.110 × Patient Global + 0.073 × Peripheral Pain/Swelling + 0.579 × Ln(hsCRP mg/L+1) Question 2 of the BASDAI provided the data for Back Pain, Question 6 of the BASDAI provided the data for Duration of Morning Stiffness, the score from the Patient Global Assessment of Disease was utilized for the Patient Global and Question 3 of the BASDAI contributed the data for Peripheral Pain/Swelling. In deriving the ASDAS(CRP) related endpoints, hsCRP values less than 2 mg/L were set to 2 mg/L as preferred method (post hoc) to the pre-specified method of using 0.199 mg/L (by resetting 0.2 mg/L, lower limit of quantification [LLOQ]) as the minimum value to derive the value of ASDAS(CRP). The ASDAS(CRP) clinically important improvement, major improvement and inactive disease responses were calculated from the ASDAS(CRP) data. BASMI The BASMI was used to assess the axial status and mobility (cervical, dorsal and lumbar spine, hips and pelvic soft tissue) and was obtained by the qualified blinded assessor. The combined index score was calculated by the sponsor using the individual scores from the following measures: lateral spinal flexion, tragus-to-wall distance, lumbar flexion (modified Schober), maximal intermalleolar distance, and cervical rotation. Spinal Mobility (Chest Expansion) Chest expansion was measured at maximal inspiration and expiration and was obtained by the qualified blinded assessor. The difference between maximal inspiration and expiration of two attempts was obtained and the better of the two attempts was utilized for data reporting. MASES Enthesitis was evaluated by the qualified blinded assessor using MASES. Thirteen sites (right and left) were assessed for tenderness. Scoring at each site was 0 for no tenderness or 1 for tenderness. Extra-Articular Involvement - Swollen Joint Count Swollen joint count (SJC) (44) was used to assess extra articular involvement and was evaluated by the qualified blinded assessor. SJC(44) were assessed using the following scale: Present/Absent/Not Done/Not Applicable (to be used for artificial or missing joints) for determination of the total number of swollen joints. BASDAI The BASDAI is a validated questionnaire that consists of 6 questions pertaining to the 5 major symptoms of AS: fatigue; spinal pain; peripheral arthritis; enthesitis, intensity of morning stiffness and duration of morning stiffness. Each question was rated using a numerical rating scale from 0 (none) to 10 (very severe). The BASDAI score was calculated by computing the mean of questions 5 and 6 and adding it to the sum of questions 1-4. The sum of the scores was then divided by 5. BASFI The BASFI is a set of 10 questions designed to determine the degree of functional limitation in those with AS. The first 8 questions consider activities related to functional anatomy. The final 2 questions assess the subjects’ ability to cope with everyday life. A 0-10 numerical rating scale was used to answer the questions with 0 being “Easy” and 10 being “Impossible.” The score was derived from the mean of the 10 items by the sponsor and was indicative of the subject’s level of ability. Patient Global Assessment of Disease Subjects assessed their overall disease activity over the last week using a numerical rating scale between 0 (Not Active) and 10 (Very Active) to the question, “How active was your spondylitis on average during the last week?” Results of this assessment were used to calculate the ASAS improvement criteria. Patient Assessment of Spinal Pain Two numerical rating scales (NRS) were used to assess the subject’s spinal pain: level of nocturnal pain and total back pain on average during the last week. For each of these scales, subjects marked their level of pain on a 0-10 NRS anchored by 0 for “No Pain” to 10 “Most Severe Pain.” Results of total back pain were used to calculate the ASAS improvement criteria. ASQoL The ASQoL is an 18-item questionnaire assessing the amount of restriction the subject is experiencing in daily activities, level of pain and fatigue, and the impact on the subject’s emotional state. Each item was scored as 0 (no impact) or 1 (yes impact). A total score was calculated by summing the items. The total score ranged from 0 to 18, with higher values indicating more impaired health-related quality of life. SF-36v2 (Acute) The SF-36v2 (Acute) is a 36-item generic health status measure. It measures 8 general health domains (norm-based scores were used in analyses): physical functioning, role limitations due to physical health, bodily pain, general health perceptions, vitality, social functioning, role limitations due to emotional problems, and mental health. These domains were also summarized as physical and mental component summary scores. EQ-5D-3L The EuroQol 3 Levels EQ-5D-3L Health State Profile (3 levels) is a subject completed instrument designed to assess impact on health-related quality of life in five domains: mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression. Scores from the five domains were used to calculate a single index value, also known as a utility score. In addition, “Your own health state today” (EQ-VAS) recorded the subject’s self-rated health, score ranged from 0 to 100 mm, with higher scores representing better health state today. FACIT-F The FACIT-F is a subject completed questionnaire consisting of 13 items that assess fatigue. Instrument scoring yields a range from 0 to 52 for the total score, with higher scores representing better subject status (less fatigue). The FACIT-F was also summarized as WPAI The WPAI is a 6-item questionnaire that is specific for spondyloarthritis which yields four types of scores: absenteeism, presenteesism (impairment at work/reduced job effectiveness), work productivity loss and activity impairment. WPAI outcomes are expressed as impairment percentages with higher numbers indicating greater impairment and less productivity. AS-HCRU The AS-HCRU is a seventeen item scale that is designed to assess healthcare usage during the previous 3 months across a wide number of direct medical cost domains. The scale also assesses indirect costs associated with functional disability and impaired productivity at home and at work. Pharmacokinetic Evaluations: Pharmacokinetic blood samples were collected at Weeks 4 and 8 (Pre-dose, 0.5, 2, and 3 hours post dose). Samples were analyzed using a validated analytical method in compliance with Pfizer standard operating procedures. Safety Evaluations: The safety evaluations included incidence and severity of AEs, clinical laboratory tests, vital signs, physical examination, and 12-lead ECG parameters. Statistical Methods: There were 2 planned analyses conducted when all applicable subjects completed their Week 16 and Week 48 (including follow-up) visits, respectively. The efficacy analysis results through Week 16 obtained from the Week 16 analysis are considered final and definitive and are presented in the Week 16 analysis CSR. The Week 48 analysis contains results for earlier visits prior to or at Week 16 including those for the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoint; however, they serve as a sensitivity analysis only to ensure there are no major changes to the definitive results for the primary endpoint and the key secondary endpoint obtained at the Week 16 analysis. The safety analysis results from this Week 48 analysis are considered final. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Study completion rates up to Week 48 were similar between the treatment groups; 94.0% in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to 93.4% in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. Discontinuation rates were low up to Week 16: • The proportion of subjects that discontinued study drug was similar between the treatment groups; 3.0% subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 3.7% subjects in • The majority of subjects discontinued study drug due to AEs; 3 (2.3%) subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 1 (0.7%) subject(s) in the placebo group. Subject disposition Up to Week 48 is presented in Figure S1: • The proportion of subjects that discontinued study drug up to Week 48 was similar for the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (11.3%) compared to placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (10.3%). • Subjects discontinued study drug from the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group due to AEs (6.0%), lack of efficacy (4.5%), and withdrawal by subject (0.8%). • Subjects discontinued study drug in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group due to AEs (2.2%), lack of efficacy (2.9%), lost to follow up (0.7%), withdrawal by subject (0.7%), and other (3.7%). Reasons subjects discontinued from the study were as follows: • Up to Week 48: Lost to follow-up (0.8% of subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 0.7% of subjects in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib group) and withdrawal by subject (5.3% of subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 5.9% of subjects in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib group, respectively). • Due to corona virus disease 2019 (COVID-19), 2 (1.5%) subjects discontinued the study in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (COVID-19 subject withdrew consent, COVID-19 and inability to return to the site). Figure S1. Subject Disposition Up to Week 48 Demographic and baseline characteristics were balanced between treatment groups: • The mean age of subjects for both treatment groups was 41.1 years. • The majority of subjects were White (79.2%); 20.4% of all subjects were of Asian descent. • The median disease symptom duration was 10.7 years (range: 0.3, 49.4) with median AS diagnosis duration of 4.9 years (range: 0.1, 42.8). • The median BASDAI score was 6.5 (range: 1.5, 10.0). Efficacy Results: The primary and key secondary endpoint were reported in the Week 16 Analysis CSR. Other Secondary Endpoints ASAS20 Response Rate Over Time • The ASAS20 response rate was maintained from Week 24 (63.16%) through Week 48 (65.41%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on CMH normal approximation. • The ASAS20 response rate in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group was comparable to that of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group at Week 24 (59.56%) and was maintained up to Week 48 (60.29%) based on Cochran‑Mantel‑Haenszel (CMH) normal approximation. ASAS40 Response Rate Over Time • There was an increase in ASAS40 response rate after Week 16 (48.12% at Week 24) which was maintained through Week 48 (50.38%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on CMH normal approximation. • The ASAS40 response rate in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group was comparable to the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group at Week 24 (41.91%) and was maintained up to Week 48 (44.85%) based on CMH normal approximation. ASDAS(CRP) Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in ASDAS(CRP) from Week 24 up to Week 48 in in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID (-1.51 and -1.70, respectively) and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID (-1.32 and -1.50, respectively) groups based on mixed model repeated for measures (MMRM). The LS mean decrease from baseline in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID was comparable to that of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group beginning at Week 24. hsCRP Change from Baseline • The least square (LS) mean decrease from baseline in hsCRP (mg/dL) was maintained from Week 24 (-1.21 ) up to Week 48 (-1.17 ) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on MMRM (Estimand 4). The LS mean decrease from baseline in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID was comparable to that of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group beginning at Week 24 (-1.16) and was maintained up to Week 48 (-1.11). ASQoL Change from Baseline. • There was a further LS mean decrease from baseline in ASQoL at Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (-5.97) compared to the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (-4.70) based on MMRM. SF-36v2 Change from Baseline • There was a further LS mean increase from baseline in the physical component summary (PCS) and mental component summary (MCS) at Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group (8.81 and 7.07, respectively). The LS mean increases from baseline in the PCS and MCS in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group were comparable to those of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group at Week 48 (7.39 and 6.35, respectively) based on MMRM. • There was an LS mean increase from baseline in all 8 general health domains at Week 48 in both treatment groups based on MMRM. The LS mean increases from baseline for all 8 general health domains in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group were comparable to those of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group at Week 48. BASMI - Linear Method Score Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in the BASMI linear method score up to Week 32 (-0.74) which was maintained up to Week 48 (-0.69) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on MMRM. There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in the BASMI linear method score up to Week 40 (-0.55), which was maintained up to Week 48 (-0.54) in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group, though the magnitude of the decrease was less than that of the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group by Week 48. • LS mean increases from baseline in BASMI components of cervical rotation, intermalleolar distance, lateral lumbar flexion, and lumbar flexion were maintained up to Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and observed in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. LS mean decreases from baseline in BASMI component of tragus-to-wall distance were maintained up to Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and observed in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. FACIT-F Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean increase from baseline in the FACIT-F total, experience domain, and impact domain scores from Week 24 (7.42, 3.58, 3.84, respectively) up to Week 48 (9.54, 4.22, 5.32, respectively) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on MMRM. • There was an LS mean increase from baseline in the FACIT-F total and impact domain scores from Week 24 (5.84 and 2.86, respectively) up to Week 32 (7.24 and 3.80, respectively) (Week 40 [3.59 for experience domain score]) which were maintained up to Week 48 (7.35 [total], 3.40 [experience], 3.95 [impact]) in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on MMRM. ASAS Components Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in all ASAS component endpoints (PGA, total back pain, BASFI, and inflammation [morning stiffness, average of questions 5 and 6 of BASDAI]) from Week 24 up to Week 48 in both treatment groups based on MMRM. Nocturnal Spinal Pain Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in nocturnal spine pain from Week 24 (-3.07 and -2.59, respectively) up to Week 48 (-3.52 and -3.01, respectively) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups based on MMRM analysis. • See ASAS components for Total Back Pain. ASAS 5/6 Response • The ASAS 5/6 response rate was maintained from Week 24 (49.62%) to Week 48 (43.61%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on CMH normal approximation. • There was an increase in the ASAS 5/6 response rate in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group from Week 24 (44.12%) up to Week 48 (44.85%) based on CMH normal approximation. ASAS Partial Remission Criteria • There was an increase in the ASAS partial remission response rate in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups from Week 24 (21.80% and 11.76%, respectively) up to Week 48 (23.31% and 17.65%, respectively) based on CMH normal approximation. BASDAI Change from Baseline • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in BASDAI from Week 24 (-2.81 and -2.41, respectively) up to Week 48 (-3.30 and -2.80, respectively) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups based on MMRM. Spinal Mobility (Chest Expansion) Change from Baseline • There were LS mean increases from baseline in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups in spinal mobility (cm) from Week 24 (0.62 and 0.63, respectively) up to Week 40 (0.75 and 0.68, respectively). The LS mean increase from baseline was lower in both dose groups at Week 48 (0.50 and 0.47, respectively). BASDAI50 Response • There was an increase in the BASDAI50 response rate in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups from Week 24 (47.37% and 36.76%, respectively) up to Week 48 (51.13% and 40.44%, respectively) based on CMH normal approximation. ASDAS(CRP) Responses Clinically Important Improvement Response Rate • The clinically important improvement response rate (for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥1.736 units in FAS) increased up to Week 40 (63.64% and 57.35%, respectively) and was maintained up to Week 48 (58.33% and 52.94%, respectively) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups based on CMH normal approximation. Major Improvement Response Rate • The major improvement response rate (for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥2.636 units in FAS) increased up to Week 40 (39.02%) and was maintained up to Week 48 (33.33%) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on CMH normal approximation. • The major improvement response rate (for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥2.636 units in FAS) increased from Week 24 (24.81%) up to Week 48 (28.68%) in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on CMH normal approximation. Inactive Disease Response Rate • There was an increase in inactive disease response rate (for subjects with baseline ASDAS(CRP) ≥1.3 units in FAS) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups from Week 24 (12.78% and 11.76%, respectively) up to Week 48 (15.04% and 13.24%, respectively) based on CMH normal approximation. MASES Change from Baseline There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in MASES in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups from Week 24 (-2.50 and -2.32, respectively) up to Week 48 (-2.87 and -2.56, respectively) based on MMRM (for subjects with baseline MASES >0). Peripheral Articular Involvement Peripheral articular involvement was assessed by change from baseline in SJC(44). At baseline, 71 subjects had at least 1 swollen joint and were included in the analysis. • The LS mean decrease from baseline in SJC(44) was maintained in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group from Week 24 (-2.81) up to Week 48 (-3.31) based on MMRM (for subjects with baseline SJC(44) >0). • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in SJC(44) in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group from Week 24 (-3.32) up to Week 48 (-3.82) based on MMRM. EQ-5D-3L Change from Baseline • There were LS mean decreases from baseline for mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression at Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups based on MMRM. • Mobility: -0.32, -0.26, respectively. • Self-care: -0.33 in both treatment groups. • Usual activities: -0.32 and -0.34, respectively. • Pain/discomfort: -0.37 and -0.36, respectively. • Anxiety/depression: -0.17 and -0.21, respectively. • There were LS mean increases from baseline in the EQ-VAS (Your Own Health State Today, mm) and the Utility Score (UK Weight) at Week 48 in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group based on MMRM. • EQ-VAS (Your Own Health State Today, mm): 20.64 and 18.00, respectively. WPAI Change from Baseline • There were LS mean decreases from baseline at Week 48 for all WPAI scores in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups based on MMRM. • Percent work time missed due to health problem: -8.10 and -5.79, respectively. • Percent impairment while working due to health problem: -25.35 and -23.00, respectively. • Percent overall work impairment due to health problem: -27.63 and -23.22, respectively. • Percent activity impairment due to health problem: -27.37 and -19.77, respectively. Tertiary/ Exploratory Endpoints FACS Analysis There were no clinically significant FACS analysis changes up to Week 48. AS-HCRU • There was an LS mean decrease from baseline in AS-HCRU self-rating of job performance at work at Week 48 (-2.41) in both the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups (-1.95) based on MMRM. Pharmacokinetic Results: PK results were reported with the Week 16 Analysis CSR. Safety Results: The proportion of subjects who experienced all-causality treatment-emergent adverse events (TEAEs) was slightly higher in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to placebo up to Week 16 and placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID up to Week 48 (Table S4). The trends were similar for treatment-related TEAEs. • There were no deaths nor subjects with adjudicated cardiovascular/major adverse cardiovascular events, opportunistic infections (OI), malignancies including nonmelanoma skin cancer, interstitial lung disease, gastrointestinal perforation events, or pulmonary embolisms/deep vein thromboses/arterial thromboembolisms. • There was 1 subject with a serious infection (meningitis) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group up to Week 16 and Week 48 (same subject). This event was adjudicated as not meeting the OI criteria. • No subjects experienced herpes zoster up to Week 16. Up to Week 48, non-serious herpes zoster was reported 3 (2.3%) subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group and 2 (1.5%) was reported in 1 (0.7%) subject in the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID group up to Week 48. • Adjudicated hepatic events were reported in 1 subject up to Week 16 and 2 subjects up to Week 48 with tofacitinib 5 mg BID group. • One adjudicated hepatic event was unlikely and 2 were unrelated drug‑induced liver injury (DILI). • These subjects did not meet criteria for Hy’s Law or DILI. • Two sequential aspartate aminotransferase (AST) or alanine aminotransferase (ALT) elevations >5x ULN occurred in 2 (1.5%) subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group resulting in treatment discontinuation. • The laboratory changes for tofacitinib 5 mg BID dose in subjects with AS were consistent with the laboratory changes identified in the safety profile of tofacitinib across other tofacitinib programs. • The mean changes from baseline in blood pressure, pulse rate, height, temperature appeared to be comparable in both treatment groups and stable over time up to Week 48. • There were no clinically meaningful mean changes from baseline in ECG parameters in any of the treatment groups. • There was a slight mean increase from baseline in weight (about 1 kg difference) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID group compared to the placebo group up to Week 16; the mean increase from baseline in weight was similar (about 2 kg) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and the placebo advanced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID groups up to Week 48. Conclusion(s): Efficacy • The primary, key secondary, and Type-I error-controlled results were reported in the Week 16 Analysis CSR. • Efficacy was sustained for tofacitinib 5 mg BID over time up to Week 48 across primary, key secondary, and other secondary endpoints. Safety • Tofacitinib 5 mg BID dose had an acceptable safety profile and was well tolerated in subjects with AS. • No new safety signals specific to the AS population treated with tofacitinib 5 mg BID were identified. 