Vaccine Name and Compound Number: Respiratory Syncytial Virus Stabilized Prefusion F Subunit Vaccine (RSVpreF), Compound Number: PF-06928316 Report Title: Final Report: A Phase 2b, Placebo-Controlled, Randomized, Observer-Blind Study to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Vaccine When Administered Concomitantly With Tetanus, Diphtheria, and Acellular Pertussis Vaccine (Tdap) in Healthy Nonpregnant Women 18 Through 49 Years of Age Protocol Number: C3671004 Sponsor: Pfizer, Inc Phase of Development: Phase 2b First Subject First Visit: 01 October 2019 Last Subject Last Visit: 11 December 2019 Serology Completion Date: 17 April 2020 Coordinating Investigator(s): J. Lewis Research, Inc./Foothill Family Clinic South 2295 Foothill Dr Salt Lake City, UT 84109 UNITED STATES Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): This study was conducted at 16 sites in the United States of America. Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Date of Current Version: 18 August 2020 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not applicable. OBJECTIVES Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Secondary Immunogenicity Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Abbreviations: DTd = diphtheria toxoid; FHA = filamentous hemagglutinin; GMC = geometric mean concentration; GMT = geometric mean titer; MAE = medically attended adverse event; PRN = pertactin; PT = pertussis toxin; RSV = respiratory syncytial virus; RSVpreF = respiratory syncytial virus stabilized prefusion F subunit vaccine; SAE = serious adverse event; Tdap = tetanus toxoid, reduced diphtheria toxoid, and acellular pertussis vaccine adsorbed; TTd = tetanus toxoid. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 2b, multicenter, placebo-controlled, randomized, observer-blind study in which healthy nonpregnant women, 18 through 49 years of age, were randomized to evaluate concomitant administration of RSVpreF and a United States-licensed Tdap. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Key inclusion criteria were as follows: 1. Healthy women ≥18 and ≤49 years of age who were of childbearing potential or not of childbearing potential. Healthy participants with preexisting stable disease, defined as disease not requiring significant change in therapy or hospitalization for worsening disease during the 6 weeks before enrollment, could be included. Female participants who were of childbearing potential and at risk for pregnancy must have been willing to use a highly effective method of contraception as outlined in the study protocol and for at least 28 days after the last dose of investigational product. 2. Willing and able to comply with all scheduled visits, treatment plan, lifestyle considerations, and other study procedures. 3. Expected to be available for the duration of the study and could be contacted by telephone during study participation. 4. Body Mass Index of <40 kg/m2 at the time of the consent. 5. Capable of giving signed informed consent, which includes compliance with the requirements and restrictions listed in the Informed Consent Document and in the protocol. Key exclusion criteria were as follows: 1. Other acute or chronic medical or psychiatric condition including recent (within the past year) or active suicidal ideation or behavior or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of study results and, in the judgment of the investigator, would make the participant inappropriate for entry into this study. 2. Known infection with Human Immunodeficiency Virus, Hepatitis C Virus, or Hepatitis B Virus. 3. History of severe adverse reaction associated with a vaccine and/or severe allergic reaction (eg, anaphylaxis) to any component of the vaccines being administered in the study. 4. History of latex allergy. 5. Immunocompromised participants with known or suspected immunodeficiency, as determined by history, laboratory tests, and/or physical examination. 6. Any contraindication to Tdap (including encephalopathies). 7. History of autoimmune disease or an active autoimmune disease requiring therapeutic intervention, including but not limited to systemic or cutaneous lupus erythematosus, autoimmune arthritis/rheumatoid arthritis, Guillain-Barré syndrome, multiple sclerosis, Sjögren’s syndrome, idiopathic thrombocytopenia purpura, glomerulonephritis, autoimmune thyroiditis, giant cell arteritis (temporal arteritis), psoriasis, and insulin dependent diabetes mellitus (Type 1). 8. Bleeding diathesis or condition associated with prolonged bleeding that would, in the opinion of the investigator, contraindicate intramuscular injection. 9. Women who were pregnant or breastfeeding. 10. Previous vaccination with any licensed or investigational respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) vaccine, or planned receipt of nonstudy RSV vaccine throughout the study. 11. Treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, eg, for cancer or an autoimmune disease, or planned receipt throughout treatment of an acute illness, participants were not enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy had been discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intra-articular, intrabursal, or topical (skin or eyes) corticosteroids were permitted. 12. Receipt of blood/plasma products or immunoglobulin within 60 days before investigational product administration or planned receipt throughout the study. 13. Current alcohol abuse, marijuana abuse or illicit drug use. 14. Vaccination within 5 years with diphtheria and tetanus toxoids and acellular pertussis vaccine adsorbed (DTaP) or tetanus and diphtheria toxoids adsorbed (Td) vaccine before investigational product administration, per the Boostrix vaccination schedule. 15. Participation in other studies involving investigational drug(s), investigational vaccine(s), or investigational device(s) within 28 days prior to study entry and/or during study participation. Participation in purely observational studies was acceptable. 16. Investigator site staff members directly involved in the conduct of the study and their family members, site staff members otherwise supervised by the investigator, or Pfizer employees, including their family members, directly involved in the conduct of the study. Vaccines Administered: Participants received 2 injections administered concomitantly in accordance with the randomization schedule. A 0.5 mL dose of study vaccine was administered intramuscularly by a study site staff member as follows:  RSVpreF 120 µg/Placebo (saline solution)  RSVpreF 120 µg/Tdap  RSVpreF 240 µg + aluminum hydroxide (Al[OH]3)/Placebo  RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH)3/Tdap  Placebo/Tdap Immunogenicity Evaluations: Sera collected at Visit 1 (prior to vaccination) and at Visit 2 (1 month after vaccination) were assayed for the following:  RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing antibody levels were determined and reported as the geometric mean neutralizing titer (GMT).  Immunoglobulin G (IgG) antibodies to Tdap antigens (diphtheria toxoid [DTd], tetanus toxoid [TTd], and pertussis antigens pertactin [PT], pertussis toxin [PRN], and filamentous hemagglutinin [FHA]) were measured and reported in either IU/mL (DTd Safety Evaluations: Local reactions (redness, swelling and pain at the injection site) and systemic events (fatigue, headache, vomiting, nausea, diarrhea, muscle pain and joint pain) were assessed and graded on Day 1 (day of vaccination) through Day 7. Adverse events (AEs), medically attended AEs (MAEs), and serious AEs (SAEs) were recorded for each participant beginning from the time the participant provided informed consent through and including Visit 2 (28 to 35 days after vaccination). SAEs occurring in a participant after the active collection period had ended were to be reported to Pfizer Safety if the investigator became aware of them. Statistical Methods: Descriptive summary statistics were provided for all endpoints. Unless otherwise explicitly stated, descriptive statistics for continuous variables were n, mean, median, standard deviation, minimum, and maximum. Descriptive statistics for categorical variables were the proportion (%) and the n (the numerator) and N (the denominator) used in the calculation of the proportion. All of the safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity data were summarized by vaccine group. Immunogenicity results were also analyzed by combining the RSVpreF +Tdap groups and/or the RSVpreF + placebo groups. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: The study population consisted of non-pregnant female participants aged 18 to 49 years, with a mean age of 35.6 years. Data from all participants were included in the safety analyses. Table S2 presents the disposition of subjects for this study. Of 709 participants vaccinated, 695 (97.5%) completed the 1 month post-vaccination visit. All subjects who withdrew from the study prior to the 1 month post-vaccination visit were lost to follow-up. Immunogenicity Results:  The primary objective of demonstrating noninferiority of immune responses to Tdap when coadministered with RSVpreF compared to Tdap alone was met for both anti-DTd and anti-TTd immune responses. The observed difference in the percentage of participants with anti-DTd antibody concentrations ≥0.1 IU/mL for the combined RSVpreF/Tdap groups and the placebo/Tdap group was -1.8% at 1 month after vaccination (95% CI = -4.6, 1.7). All participants in the combined RSVpreF/Tdap groups and placebo/Tdap group achieved anti-TTd antibody concentrations ≥0.1 IU/mL at 1 month after vaccination (95% CI = -1.4, 2.8).  The primary objective of demonstrating noninferiority of immune responses to Tdap when coadministered with RSVpreF compared to Tdap alone was not met for antipertussis component immune responses. The geometric mean ratios (GMRs) for anti-PT, anti-FHA, and anti-PRN antibodies for the combined RSVpreF/Tdap groups in comparison to the placebo/Tdap group were 0.80 (95% CI = 0.64, 1.00), 0.59 (95% CI = 0.50, 0.70), and 0.60 (95% CI = 0.48, 0.76), respectively, at 1 month after vaccination.  The primary objective of demonstrating noninferiority of immune responses to RSVpreF when coadministered with Tdap compared to RSVpreF alone was met for both anti-RSV A and anti-RSV B immune responses. The RSV A and RSV B 50% neutralizing titer GMRs for the combined RSVpreF/Tdap groups and the combined RSVpreF/placebo groups were 0.97 and 0.96, respectively, at 1 month after vaccination. The lower bound values of 2-sided 95% CIs for the RSV A and RSV B 50% neutralizing titer GMRs were 0.84 and 0.81, respectively.  The secondary objective of demonstrating noninferiority of immune responses (using a 1.5 fold noninferiority threshold) to RSVpreF when coadministered with Tdap compared to RSVpreF alone was met for both anti-RSV A and anti-RSV B immune responses.    Safety Results:  Most reported local reactions (pain at the injection site, redness, or swelling) or systemic events (fever, fatigue/tiredness, headache, nausea, muscle pain, joint pain, vomiting, or diarrhea) were mild or moderate in intensity. Severe pain at the injection site was reported by 2 participants (1 participant each in the RSVpreF 120 µg/Tdap and RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /placebo groups, respectively). There was a lower observed incidence 3 of any systemic events of severe intensity in the placebo/Tdap group (0.7%) than in the + Al(OH) /Tdap (4.2%), and RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /placebo (2.8%) groups. No 3 3 participant withdrawals due to severe local reactions or systemic events occurred. The observed incidence and median durations of local reactions and systemic events were similar across vaccine groups.  The frequency of reported AEs was higher in the RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH)3/Tdap (10.4%) and placebo/Tdap (9.2%) groups than in the RSVpreF 120 µg/Tdap (7.8%), RSVpreF 120 µg/placebo (5.7%) or RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /placebo (5.6%) groups. 3 The incidence of each AE by PT was ≤5% of participants per vaccine group. There were no SAEs, immediate AEs, or life-threatening AEs reported within 1 month of vaccination and no AEs that led to withdrawal.  Tier 2 AEs of upper respiratory tract infection were reported in the placebo/Tdap (4 [2.8%]) group, the RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /placebo (2 [1.4%]) group and 3 RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /Tdap (2 [1.4%]) group. There were no reports of upper 3 respiratory tract infection in the RSVpreF 120 µg/placebo or RSVpreF 120 µg/Tdap groups. There were no other Tier 2 AEs reported within 1 month of vaccination.  There were 7 participants who reported medically-attended AEs throughout the study, which included 3 participants (2.1%) in the placebo/Tdap group (1 [0.7%] report each of urinary tract infection, venomous sting, and depression), 2 participants (1.4%) in the RSVpreF 120 µg/placebo group (1 [0.7%] report each of hypothyroidism and hand fracture), and 2 participants (1.4%) in the RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /Tdap group 3 (1 [0.7%] report each of ear infection, tonsillitis, and pharyngeal mass). All medically- attended AEs were reported by single participants except for the AEs of ear infection and tonsillitis, which were reported by the same participant. None were considered serious, immediate, or related to study treatment.  One (1) SAE of spontaneous abortion was reported by a participant in the RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) /placebo group after Visit 2 (Day 42). This event was not considered 3 to be related to study treatment. Conclusion(s): This study evaluated the noninferiority of immune responses to RSVpreF and Tdap after concomitant administration of RSVpreF with Tdap to RSVpreF alone or Tdap alone. RSVpreF results indicated noninferiority of immune responses for both anti-RSV A and anti-RSV B immune responses. Tdap results indicated noninferiority for both anti-DTd and anti-TTd immune responses; however, noninferiority of immune response was not met for the antipertussis components (PT, FHA, and PRN). The results of this study confirm that the 2 RSVpreF formulations when administered with and without the Al(OH) adjuvant were 3 safe and well tolerated when administered alone or concomitantly with Tdap in healthy non-pregnant women 18 through 49 years of age. 