Sponsor: Pfizer Inc. Investigational Product: Crisaborole (PF-06930164) Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol C3291038 Protocol Title: A Phase 2, Randomized, Double‑Blind, Vehicle‑Controlled, Proof‑of‑Concept Study to Evaluate the Efficacy, Safety, and Local Tolerability of Crisaborole Ointment, 2%, in Adult Participants With Stasis Dermatitis Without Active Skin Ulceration Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None Study Initiation Date: 26 June 2020 Study Completion Date: 19 October 2021 Report Date: 16 February 2022 Previous Report Date: Not applicable Phase of Development: Phase 2a Study Objectives and Endpoints: The study objectives and endpoints are presented in Table S1. Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints (Continued) METHODS Study Design: Study C3291038 was a Phase 2a, randomized, double-blind, vehicle-controlled, parallel-group, proof-of-concept study to evaluate the efficacy, safety, and local tolerability of 6 weeks of treatment with crisaborole in adult participants with stasis dermatitis without active skin ulceration. Approximately 70 eligible participants were to be randomized into the double-blind treatment period in a 1:1 ratio to receive crisaborole ointment, 2%, or vehicle BID for 6 weeks. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: 1. Participant had to be ≥45 years of age at the time of signing the informed consent. 2. Participants who had stasis dermatitis:  A known diagnosis of stasis dermatitis based upon Health Care Provider (HCP) medical records for at least 3 months prior to screening with inadequate response to current treatment. Inadequate response was defined by ISGA ≥2 (range: 0-4) and TSS ≥3 (range: 0-12) at the screening visit; or  Newly diagnosed by the investigator based upon the following: a. Participant confirmation of symptoms present on lower extremities for at least 3 months prior to screening; b. Home Visit Practitioner (HVP) completed physical examination findings; c. Telemedicine assessment by the investigator; d. Inadequate response to current treatment. Inadequate response was defined by ISGA ≥2 (range 0-4) and TSS ≥3 (range 0-12) at the screening visit.  Active unilateral or bilateral stasis dermatitis lesions on the lower extremities (from knee to ankle and dorsum of foot) and the involved areas total ≥1% BSA (1 handprint of the participant) at the screening visit. Study Treatment: The study intervention handling and dosing instruction and other relevant information for participants were provided by the HVP, who provided instructions and demonstration of study intervention application to the participant. An even layer of ointment, targeting 3 mg/cm2, had to be applied to the lower extremities (knees to feet) BID at approximately the same times each day. One fingertip unit (FTU) was defined as the amount of topical product that was squeezed out from a standard tube onto a fingertip (end of the finger to the first crease in the finger). One FTU was sufficient to cover an area of skin the size of 2 handprints (2% BSA) of the participant. A handprint referred to a flat hand with fingers in a closed position. Approximately 5 FTUs would be required to treat the skin from knee to ankle and dorsum of foot of 1 leg. Study intervention had to be applied to the lower extremities (knees to feet) for the entire duration (6 weeks) of the study, even when stasis dermatitis lesions had resolved or nearly resolved. The investigational product information is provided in Table S2. Table S2. Investigational Product Description Investigational Product Vendor Lot Pfizer Lot Strength/Potency Dosage Description Number Number Form placebo for crisaborole topical K121917D 18-000180 0% Ointment ointment in 60 g tube (Axomatic) crisaborole 2% topical ointment K072017D 17-004070 20 mg/g Ointment in 60 g tube crisaborole 2% topical ointment K190311D 19-001507 20 mg/g Ointment in 60 g tube Efficacy Evaluations: Efficacy evaluations were performed by the HVP in the home and separately by the Central Readers Group via high-resolution, static, digital images. The investigator was responsible for the diagnosis of stasis dermatitis and randomization. At all home visits, TSS, ISGA, and lesional %BSA assessments were assessed in-person by the HVP. In addition, the TSS, ISGA, and lesional %BSA were remotely assessed by an expert dermatologist Central Reader reviewing digital imaging of the lower extremities acquired by the participant. TSS The TSS was an assessment of the severity of stasis dermatitis skin lesions. Each of the 4 clinical signs (erythema, papulation/elevation [excluding papulation due to lipodermatosclerosis or varicose veins], superficial erosion/denudation, and scaling) across all the treatable stasis dermatitis lesions was rated using the 4-point severity scale (ranging from 0 to 3 points). The 4 sub-scores were summed to create the TSS, 13-point scale; ranging from 0 to 12 points, with a higher score representing a higher disease severity. ISGA The ISGA was a 5-point scale (range 0-4), with a higher score representing a higher disease severity. ISGA was a global assessment of severity of all treatable stasis dermatitis lesions based on erythema, papulation/elevation, superficial erosion/denudation, and scaling. The assessment was a static evaluation without regard to the score at a previous visit. Stasis Dermatitis Lesional %BSA Assessment of lesional %BSA skin areas of all treatable stasis dermatitis lesions was performed by the handprint method, where the full palmar hand of the participant (ie, the participant’s fully extended palm, fingers and thumb together) represented approximately 1% of BSA. Participant-Completed Electronic Patient Reported Outcomes (ePROs) PRO data were electronically entered by participants through an application (eDiary) on the participant’s smart device or through a provisioned smart device (eg, tablet). The eDiary was used to document daily study intervention compliance (recorded the number of study intervention applications over the prior 24 hours) and daily compression therapy use (recorded the number of hours compression therapies were worn over the prior 24 hours), as well as to complete PRO assessment data at scheduled time points. Participants received adequate training on self-reported eDiary data entry at the home visit during the screening period to complete the PRO instruments. These instruments included:  Stasis Dermatitis Symptom Scale;  DLQI;  PATT;  EQ-5D-5L Questionnaire;  PGI-S;  PGI-C. Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic and/or Other Evaluations: Pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and/or other evaluations were not done. Safety Evaluations: Safety and eligibility evaluations included adverse events (AEs), safety laboratory tests, physical examinations, vital signs (only measured at screening and Week 6), electrocardiograms (ECGs, only measured at screening to evaluate inclusion/exclusion criteria), Mini-Mental State Examination 2nd Edition (MMSE-2) and Fitzpatrick Skin Type assessment (determined at the screening home visit). The safety evaluations were performed by the HVP in the participants’ home, with oversight by the investigator. Statistical Methods: Full Analysis Set (FAS) included all participants who were randomly assigned to study intervention and applied at least 1 dose of study intervention. Safety Analysis Set (SAF) was identical to FAS. Estimand 1 was the primary estimand of this study and was a while-on-treatment estimand, which estimated the treatment effect of crisaborole compared with vehicle at Week 6/EOT, ie, the data at discontinuation were carried forward for early discontinued participants. The Estimand 2 was the second estimand of this study and was a composite estimand, which estimated the treatment effect of crisaborole compared with vehicle at each time point. A participant after an intercurrent event of discontinuation of study intervention was considered a non-responder for the visit of interest. Estimand 3 was the third estimand of this study and was a hypothetical estimand, which estimated the treatment effect of crisaborole compared with vehicle at each time point under the scenario of no discontinuation of study intervention. Missing data after discontinuation of study intervention were assumed missing at random, and treated as missing. Each of Estimand 1, 2 and 3 included the 5 attributes of population, variable, treatment condition, intercurrent event and population-level summary. Primary Efficacy Endpoint Analysis Percent change from baseline in TSS at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessments (primary analysis) was analyzed using an Analysis of Variance (ANOVA) model that included treatment group as a factor. The primary analysis of the primary endpoint was based on Estimand 1 using FAS. Secondary Efficacy Endpoints Analyses Percentage change from baseline in %BSA at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment was analyzed using an ANOVA model that included treatment group as a factor based on Estimand 1 using FAS. Achievement of an ISGA success and ISGA clear/almost clear at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment was analyzed using the method of normal approximation to binomial using Estimand 1 and FAS. Percent change from baseline in TSS and lesional %BSA based on digital images assessments by Central Readers was analyzed using mixed-effects model with repeated measures (MMRM) with fixed effects of treatment group, visit, and treatment-group by visit interaction, without imputation for missing values. A common unstructured variance- covariance matrix was used, provided it converges. Under missing data assumption, MMRM yielded unbiased estimates and valid inferences for treatment effects assuming all participants maintained therapy. This analysis was based on Estimand 3 using FAS. Achievement of an ISGA success and ISGA clear/almost clear by time point based on digital images assessments by Central Readers was analyzed using the method of normal approximation to binomial. Observations after the discontinuation of study intervention or missing values for any reason were handled by setting the endpoint to nonresponsive. This was a composite endpoint in the sense that a response required the participant completed a visit of interest, eg, Week 6, and achieved a response per the defined response criteria was known as missing response as non-response (MR-NR). The analysis was based on Estimand 2 using FAS. Exploratory Efficacy Endpoints Analyses Exploratory endpoints were to be descriptively summarized. Safety All the safety data were to be summarized descriptively through appropriate data tabulations, descriptive statistics, and graphical presentations. All safety analyses were performed on the safety population as previously defined. RESULTS Participant Disposition and Demography: A total of 66 participants were randomized and assigned to receive study treatment, among whom, 32 participants in the vehicle group and 33 participants in the crisaborole 2% BID group were treated. Treatment completion rates were similar between the 2 treatment groups; 71.9% in the vehicle group, and 78.8% in the crisaborole 2% BID group. Both treatment groups had 4 participants that discontinued treatment due to AEs. One participant in the vehicle group was lost to follow-up after discontinuation of treatment (Table S3). Withdrawal by subject 0 0 Demographic characteristics were generally balanced between the 2 treatment groups.  The mean age of the overall population was 67.4 years.  53.8% participants were male and 46.2% participants were female.  Most participants were White (92.3%).  The mean body mass index (BMI) was 37.71 kg/m2. Efficacy Results: Primary Endpoint - Percent Change From Baseline in TSS at Week 6/EOT Crisaborole 2% BID demonstrated superiority over vehicle in TSS at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment (Table S4). The least squares mean (LSM) decrease from baseline in TSS of the crisaborole 2% BID group was significantly greater than that of the vehicle group at Week 6/EOT, with the difference of -14.36% and p-value of 0.0299. The LSM decrease from baseline in TSS of the crisaborole 2% BID group was greater than that of the vehicle group at Week 6, with the difference (standard error [SE]) of -22.26% (7.47) for observed cases and -23.02% (8.17) for multiple imputation. Secondary Endpoints Achievement of an ISGA Score of Clear (0) or Almost Clear (1) With at Least a 2-Grade Improvement From Baseline at All Time Points One (3.33%) participant in the crisaborole 2% BID group achieved ISGA success (ISGA score of clear/almost clear with at least a 2-grade improvement from baseline), while no participants in the vehicle group achieved ISGA success at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment. The proportion of participants achieving ISGA success (ISGA score of clear/almost clear with at least a 2-grade improvement from baseline) in the crisaborole 2% BID group was greater than that in the vehicle group at Weeks 1, 5 and 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers. Achievement of an ISGA Score of Clear (0) or Almost Clear (1) at All Time Points The proportion of participants achieving ISGA clear/almost clear in the crisaborole 2% BID group was greater than that in the vehicle group at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers, with the greatest difference (90% CI) of 29.64% (10.95%, 48.33%) observed at Week 6. The proportion of participants achieving ISGA clear/almost clear at Week 6/EOT in the crisaborole 2% BID group was numerically greater than that of vehicle group based on HVP in-person assessment. Percent Change From Baseline in TSS at All Time Points The LSM percent decreases from baseline in TSS were observed in both treatment groups at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers. The greater LSM percent decrease was observed in the crisaborole 2% BID group as compared to the vehicle group at Weeks 2, 5 and 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers. Percent Change From Baseline in Lesional %BSA at All Time Points Crisaborole 2% BID group had smaller percent change from baseline in lesional %BSA compared to the vehicle group at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment.  At Week 6/EOT, numerically greater LSM (SE) percent decrease from baseline was observed in the vehicle group (-10.72% [7.06]) compared to that in the crisaborole 2% BID group (-3.8% [6.57]). A greater percent decrease from baseline in lesional %BSA was observed in the crisaborole 2% BID group as compared to the vehicle group at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers.  The greatest decreases from baseline in lesional %BSA were observed at Week 3, with LSM (SE) percent changes from baseline of -31.58% (10.85) and -41.52% (10.44) for the vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups, respectively.  The greatest difference (SE) of LSM percent change from baseline between these 2 treatment groups was observed at Week 6 (-53.01% [30.05]). Exploratory Endpoints Change From Baseline in the Stasis Dermatitis Symptom Scale (SDSS) at All Time Points The crisaborole 2% BID group had greater decreases from baseline in SDSS than the vehicle group at all time points except Week 3, with the greatest mean (standard deviation [SD]) change from baseline of -10.9 (13.60) and -13.1 (15.14) observed at Week 6 for the vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups, respectively. Change From Baseline in DLQI at All Time Points There were no notable differences in DLQI change from baseline observed between the crisaborole 2% BID group and the vehicle group over time. The greatest decrease from baseline in DLQI was observed at Week 6, with the mean (SD) changes from baseline of vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups being -2.1 (3.92) and -1.9 (3.80), respectively. Change From Baseline in EQ-5D-5L and EQ-VAS at Week 6/EOT There were no notable differences in EQ-5D-5L change from baseline observed between the crisaborole 2% BID group and the vehicle group at Week 6/EOT, with the mean (SD) changes from baseline of vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups being 0 (0.141) and 0.01 (0.104), respectively. There was a mean (SD) decrease from baseline in EQ-VAS observed in the vehicle group at Week 6/EOT (-1.1 [23.15]), while a mean (SD) increase (improvement) from baseline was observed in the crisaborole 2% BID group at Week 6/EOT (4.0 [13.79]). Change From Baseline in PGI-S Similar mean (SD) decreases from baseline in PGI-S were observed between the 2 treatment groups at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6. Achievement of at Least “Minimally Improved” in PGI-C at All Time Points The absolute values of PGI-C were similar between the 2 treatment groups over time. The proportions of participants achieved at least “minimally improved” in PGI-C were similar between the 2 treatment groups over time, with the greatest proportions of 73.3% and 76.5% observed at Week 6 for the vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups, respectively. Response Category in PATT at Week 6/EOT The range for the PATT total score is 13 - 65. A lower PATT total score indicates a better outcome. The total score of PATT was similar between the 2 treatment groups, with the mean (SD) of 25.8 (3.26) and 23.7 (4.50) for the vehicle and crisaborole 2% BID groups, respectively. Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic and/or Other Results: Pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and/or other evaluations were not done. Safety Results: AEs The proportion of participants who experienced all-causality TEAEs, severe AEs, and serious adverse events (SAEs) was numerically higher in the vehicle group compared to the crisaborole 2% BID group. Most of the TEAEs were reported in single participants of either treatment group.  In the vehicle group: 14 (43.8%) participants experienced 25 TEAEs, among whom, 10 (31.3%) participants experienced 17 mild TEAEs and 4 (12.5%) participants experienced 8 severe TEAEs. One (3.1%) participant in the vehicle group had 4 treatment-related TEAEs, and all these treatment-related TEAEs were of mild severity. Four (12.5%) participants experienced SAEs, and all these events were considered unrelated to treatment.  In the crisaborole 2% BID group: 13 (39.4%) participants experienced 28 TEAEs, among whom, 3 (9.1%) participants experienced 14 mild TEAEs, 9 (27.3%) participants experienced 13 moderate TEAEs and 1 (3.0%) participant experienced 1 severe TEAE. A total of 3 (9.1%) participants in the crisaborole 2% BID group had 7 treatment-related TEAEs, and all these treatment-related TEAEs were of mild or moderate severity. One (3.0%) participant experienced an SAE, and this event was considered unrelated to the treatment.  Overall, the most frequently reported System Organ Class (SOC) with all-causality TEAEs was Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders, which was reported in 3 (9.4%) participants in the vehicle group and 4 (12.1%) participants in the crisaborole 2% BID group.  Erythema and pruritus in the Skin and Subcutaneous Tissue Disorders SOC were the only treatment-related TEAEs occurring in 5% participants of either treatment group.  There were no deaths in this study. TEAEs in Treatment Area The incidence of TEAEs in the treatment area was slightly higher in the vehicle group compared to the crisaborole 2% BID group. All the TEAEs in the treatment area were reported in single participants of either treatment group, except for erythema and pruritus.  In the vehicle group: 6 (18.8%) participants experienced 12 all-causality TEAEs in the treatment area, among whom, 5 (15.6%) participants experienced 11 mild TEAEs and 1 (3.1%) participant experienced 1 severe TEAE. One (3.1%) participant in the vehicle group had 4 treatment-related TEAEs in the treatment area, and all these treatment-related TEAEs were of mild severity. One (3.1%) participant experienced an SAE in treatment area, and this event was severe but unrelated to the treatment.  In the crisaborole 2% BID group: 4 (12.1%) participants experienced 9 all-causality TEAEs in the treatment area, among whom, 3 (9.1%) participants experienced 2 mild and 6 moderate TEAEs, and 1 (3.0%) participant experienced 1 severe TEAE. A total of 3 (9.1%) participants had 7 treatment-related TEAEs in the treatment area, and all these treatment-related TEAEs were of mild or moderate severity. Discontinuations Due to AEs No participants discontinued from study due to AEs in this study. Three participants in the vehicle group discontinued treatment due to TEAEs and continued in the study. One participant discontinued treatment due to the AE of ulcer haemorrhage, but this event was not TEAE. Four participants in the crisaborole 2% BID group discontinued treatment due to TEAEs and continued in the study. Dose Reductions or Temporary Discontinuations Due to AEs Two participants in the vehicle group temporarily discontinued treatment due to TEAEs. One participant in the vehicle group had dose reduction due to the AE of limb injury, but this event was not TEAE. Three participants in the crisaborole 2% BID group temporarily discontinued treatment due to TEAEs. Laboratory Evaluations There were no laboratory test abnormalities reported in this study. Vital Signs and Physical Examinations There were no clinically meaningful findings of vital signs or physical examinations in this study. Conclusions: Efficacy:  Crisaborole 2% BID demonstrated superiority over vehicle in TSS at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment.  Central Reads of weekly high-resolution, static, digital images also demonstrated superiority of crisaborole 2% BID over vehicle in TSS at Weeks 2, 5 and 6.  One (3.33%) participant in the crisaborole 2% BID group while no participants in the vehicle group achieved ISGA success at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment.  The proportion of participants achieving ISGA success in the crisaborole 2% BID group was greater than that in the vehicle group at Weeks 1, 5 and 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers.  The proportion of participants achieving ISGA clear/almost clear in the crisaborole 2% BID group was greater than that in the vehicle group at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers and at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment.  Crisaborole 2% BID group had smaller percent change from baseline in lesional %BSA compared to the vehicle group at Week 6/EOT based on HVP in-person assessment.  A greater percent decrease from baseline in lesional %BSA was observed in the crisaborole 2% BID group as compared to the vehicle group at all time points from Week 1 to Week 6 based on digital images assessment by Central Readers. Safety:  Safety assessments were based upon HVP in-person assessments and remote assessments by investigators; no Central Reader safety assessments were performed.  Crisaborole ointment 2% BID was generally safe with an acceptable tolerability profile in which most AEs were of mild intensity.  No new safety concerns were identified in this study. 