SYNOPSIS Study Title: Final Report: A Phase 2b, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled, Observer-Blinded Trial to Evaluate the Safety, Tolerability, and Immunogenicity of a Respiratory Syncytial Virus (RSV) Vaccine in Pregnant Women 18 Through 49 Years of Age and Their Infants Study Number: C3671003 Regulatory Agency or Public Disclosure Identifier Number: IND 017931 Study Phase: Phase 2b Name of Study Intervention: PF-06928316 Name of Sponsor/Company: Pfizer Inc. CSR Version and Report Date: Version1.0; 20 May 2022 Number of Study Center(s) and Investigator(s): This study was planned to be conducted at a total of 66 sites in 6 countries (Argentina [4], Australia [3], Chile [6], New Zealand [2], South Africa [1], and the United States [50]; however, only sites in Argentina, Chile, South Africa, and the United States randomized participants. A list of study centers and investigators involved in this study is provided in Appendix 16.1.4.1. Publications: Available on Request Study Period: Study Initiation Date (first participant first visit): 07 August 2019 Study Completion (last participant last visit) Date: 30 September 2021 This study was neither discontinued nor interrupted. Rationale: Prevention of RSV-associated respiratory illness in infancy is an unmet medical need, given a global burden of disease in the millions of cases each year and the lack of specific treatment or widely available prophylaxis. Because the time of peak risk for severe RSV illness occurs at ~6 weeks of age, maternal immunization offers an attractive strategy for infant disease prevention. Both preclinical studies in animals and interim data from a Phase 1/2 study in healthy nonpregnant adults have demonstrated acceptable tolerability and safety of the candidate vaccine. This Phase 2b study is the first study of the respiratory syncytial virus stabilized prefusion F subunit vaccine (RSVpreF) vaccine candidate in pregnant women and their infants and served as a proof-of-concept (POC) study for the RSV maternal immunization program, supporting progression to a pivotal Phase 3 efficacy study. Objectives, Endpoints, and Statistical Methods: Table S1. Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands - Maternal Participants Secondary To describe the  RSV A– and RSV B– In maternal participants receiving Immunogenicity immune neutralizing antibody 1 dose of investigational product responses titers measured: and in compliance with the key elicited by an  before vaccination protocol criteria (evaluable RSV vaccine  2 weeks after participants): vaccination  The immune response,  1 month after estimated by the GMT for vaccination RSV A– and RSV B–  at deliverya neutralizing antibody titers.  The immune response, estimated by the GMFR from baseline in RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing antibody titers.  GMR, estimated by the ratio of the GMT for RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing antibody titers of the RSV vaccine group and the Table S1. Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands - Maternal Participants AE = adverse event; GMFR = geometric mean fold rise; GMR = geometric mean ratio; GMT = geometric mean titer; MAE = medically attended AE; RSV = respiratory syncytial virus; RSV A = respiratory syncytial virus A; RSV B = respiratory syncytial virus B; SAE = serious adverse event. a. Maternal-to-infant placental transfer ratio of RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing antibody titers were included. Table S2. Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands - Infant Participants Table S2. Objectives, Endpoints, and Estimands - Infant Participants AE = adverse event; GMR = geometric mean ratio; GMT = geometric mean titer; RSV = respiratory syncytial virus; RSV A = respiratory syncytial virus A; RSV B = respiratory syncytial virus B; SAE = serious adverse event; Methodology: This was a Phase 2b, multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, observer-blinded study in which up to 650 healthy pregnant women 18 and 49 years of age were planned to be randomized to receive 1 of 2 dose levels of bivalent (equal parts RSV subgroup A [RSV A] and RSV subgroup B [RSV B]) RSV vaccine candidate at 120 g and 240 g of the prefusion RSV F antigen, formulated with or without aluminum hydroxide (Al[OH] ), or 3 placebo (1:1:1:1:1 randomization). Assessments included descriptions of safety, tolerability, and immunogenicity in maternal participants as well as safety and characteristics of transplacentally transferred antibodies in their infants. The first 5 maternal participants vaccinated in the study were observed for at least 4 hours after investigational product administration for any acute reactions. Dosing of the remaining maternal participants commenced no sooner than 48 hours after the fifth maternal participant received her vaccination. The immediate postvaccination observation period for all maternal participants after the first 5 was at least 30 minutes. It was anticipated that this study would be conducted in more than 1 geographic location, including sites in both the northern hemisphere and southern hemisphere. Number of Participants (planned and analyzed): This study planned to enroll up to 650 healthy pregnant women to be randomized in a 1:1:1:1:1 ratio to receive a single dose of 1 of 2 RSV dose levels (120 µg or 240 µg) formulated with or without Al(OH) or placebo. 3 In this study, a total of 778 maternal participants were screened and overall 581 maternal participants were randomized to receive the following: RSVpreF 120 µg (116 participants), RSVpreF 120 µg + Al(OH) (117 participants), RSVpreF 240 µg (116 participants), 3 RSVpreF 240 µg + Al(OH) (115 participants), and placebo (117 participants). All maternal 3 participants who were vaccinated were included in the safety population (579 participants) and a total of 562 maternal participants were included in the evaluable immunogenicity population. A total of 572 infant participants entered the study and were included in the safety population and 522 infant participants were included in the evaluable immunogenicity population. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion and Exclusion: This study enrolled healthy pregnant women and their infants, once born. Enrollment was monitored to help ensure distribution of vaccination across the gestational age range of ≥24 0/7 and ≤36 0/7 weeks. Key inclusion criteria for maternal participants included:  Healthy women 18 and 49 years of age who are between 24 0/7 and 36 0/7 weeks of gestation on the day of planned vaccination, with an uncomplicated, singleton pregnancy, who are at no known increased risk for complications, and whose fetus has no significant abnormalities observed on ultrasound.  Determined by medical history, physical examination, screening laboratory assessment, and clinical judgment to be appropriate for inclusion in the study.  Expected to be available for the duration of the study, can be contacted by telephone during study participation, and is willing to give informed consent for her infant to participate in the study. Key inclusion criteria for infant participants included:  Evidence of a signed and dated informed consent document (ICD) signed by the parent(s).  The maternal participant must have participated in the informed consent process and signed and dated an ICD for herself and her fetus/infant prior to the maternal participant’s taking part in the study. Informed consent was obtained from the father of the fetus/infant if mandated by local requirements.  Parent(s) willing and able to comply with scheduled visits, treatment plan, laboratory tests, and other study procedures. Key exclusion criteria for maternal participants included:  Bleeding diathesis or condition associated with prolonged bleeding that would, in the opinion of the investigator, contraindicate intramuscular injection.  Major illness of the mother or conditions of the fetus that, in the investigator’s judgment, would substantially increase the risk associated with the participant’s participation in, and completion of, the study or could preclude the evaluation of the participant’s response.  A prior history of, or known current pregnancy complications or abnormalities, that would increase the risk associated with the participant’s participation in and completion of the study.  Previous vaccination with any licensed or investigational RSV vaccine or planned receipt during study participation. Exclusion criteria for infant participants included:  Infant who was a direct descendant (eg, child or grandchild) of the study personnel. Study Interventions, Dose, Mode of Administration, and Batch Number(s): The manufacturing lot numbers for the study intervention(s) dispensed in this study are provided in Table S3. Table S3. Investigational Product Lot Numbers Investigational Product Manufacturer Vendor Lot Number Lot Numbera (Manufacturer) (Pfizer) RSVpreF 120-µg dose Pfizer AT3605Z 19-001847 240-µg dose Pfizer AT3609Z 19-001849 Diluent for RSVpreF (sterile Commercial 911001 19-001256 water for injection) Diluent/adjuvant (adjuvant Pfizer AY3454 19-001853 aluminum hydroxide 0.4 mg/mL) Placebo (0.9% sodium chloride Pfizer 18-000719 18-000719 solution for injection) a. Lot number assigned to the investigational product by Pfizer Global Clinical Supply. Source: Protocol C3671003 Investigational Product Lot Numbers Table, Final, Version 1.0, 25 Feb 2022. Each lyophilized vial of the RSV vaccine investigational product (IP) was supplied as a mixture of equal quantities of 2 stabilized prefusion RSV F antigens (RSV A and RSV B) in a lyophilized cake. There are 2 different presentations of RSV IP representing 2 different dose levels of RSV antigen (120 µg and 240 µg). The lyophilized cake was reconstituted by diluent with either sterile water for injection or a sterile suspension of Al(OH) in water for injection. 3 The fill volume of the IP vial and diluent vial were designed such that the intended vaccine dose was delivered in a 0.5-mL injection volume. Duration of Study Intervention: Maternal participants received 1 dose of investigational product at the vaccination visit in accordance with the study’s Schedule of Activities. The investigational product was administered by the appropriately designated study staff intramuscularly by injection of 0.5 mL into the deltoid muscle of the nondominant arm. Pregnant women participated in the study from enrollment during their pregnancy, and for approximately 12 months after delivery of their infants. The total duration was up to approximately 17 months depending on gestational age at the time of vaccination. Infants participated from the time of birth and for approximately 12 months after birth. Summary of Results: Demographic and Other Baseline Characteristics: Demographic characteristics of maternal participants were similar across vaccine groups. Across groups, the median age at vaccination was approximately 27 years, and the median gestational age at vaccination was approximately 30 weeks. Participants in the 24 to <27 week gestational age stratum were somewhat underrepresented. Most maternal participants were white and non-Hispanic/non-Latino. Demographic characteristics of infant participants generally reflect those of their mothers. Half of the infants were female and the majority of infants were white and non-Hispanic/non-Latino. Most infants were born at term; the median gestational age at birth was approximately 39 weeks. Exposure: Maternal participants received 1 dose of IP at the vaccination visit of either 120 µg or 240 µg RSV vaccine IP (equal amounts RSV A and RSV B), formulated with or without Al(OH) , or 3 placebo in a 0.5-mL injection volume. Immunogenicity: RSVpreF at all doses and formulations induced robust neutralizing titers to both RSV and RSV B. Combined RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing geometric mean titers (GMTs) in participants who received RSVpreF were higher than participants who received placebo from 2 weeks after vaccination through 6 months after delivery (Figure S1). Maternal-to-infant placental transfer ratio of RSV neutralizing titers of RSV A, RSV B, and combined RSV A and RSV B was >1 for all vaccine groups (Figure S2). Maternal vaccination with RSVpreF at all doses and formulations yielded high RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing titers in infants. Combined RSV A– and RSV B–neutralizing GMTs at birth and through 6 months of life were higher in infants whose mothers had received RSVpreF compared to infants whose mothers had received placebo (Figure S3). Figure S1. Line Plot for RSV 50% Neutralizing Titers – Maternal Participants – Evaluable Immunogenicity Population Figure S2. Maternal-to-Infant Placental Transfer Ratio of RSV 50% Neutralizing Titer – Evaluable Immunogenicity Population Figure S3. Line Plot for RSV 50% Neutralizing Titers – Infant Participants – Evaluable Immunogenicity Population Safety Results: Local reactions were reported more frequently by maternal participants who received RSVpreF compared with the placebo group. The most common local reaction in maternal participants across all RSVpreF vaccine groups and placebo was pain at the injection site. Most local reactions were mild or moderate and few local reactions of redness or swelling were reported. Severe local reactions (pain at the injection site) were reported by 2 participants who received 120 µg RSVpreF + Al(OH) and 1 participant who received 3 240 µg RSVpreF. In general, systemic events were reported similarly among all maternal participants (RSVpreF and placebo groups). Most systemic events were mild or moderate. No severe systemic event was reported by >6 participants in any vaccine group. The most frequently reported severe systemic event across all groups was fatigue. Few fevers were reported, and most were mild or moderate. One participant who received 120 µg RSVpreF + Al(OH)3 reported a Grade 4 fever. Adverse events (AEs) in maternal participants within 1 month after vaccination were reported in a similar frequency across all vaccine groups with no clear association with dose level or formulation (Table S4). No immediate AEs or AEs leading to withdrawal were reported. Within 1 month after vaccination, serious AEs (SAEs), severe AEs, and medically attended AEs (MAEs) were reported in a similar frequency across all groups. One participant who received RSVpreF 120 µg reported a related AE of dizziness that began on Day 1 with a severity of mild that resolved the same day. Tier 2 AEs reported within 1 month after vaccination in maternal participants were abdominal pain, nausea, and premature delivery. There were no dose- or formulation-related trends in Tier 2 AEs.  AEs in infant participants within 1 month of age were reported in a similar frequency across all vaccine groups with no clear association with dose level or formulation (Table S5). SAEs, severe AEs, and MAEs in infant participants within 1 month of age were reported in a similar frequency across all vaccine groups with no clear association with dose level or formulation. There were no related AEs reported in infant participants throughout the study. One infant participant who received placebo was withdrawn due to AEs. The most frequently reported AEs across all vaccine groups for Tier 2 AEs reported in infant participants were hyperbilirubinaemia (range of 2 to 11 participants) and jaundice (range of 5 to 12 participants). No Tier 2 AE in any vaccine group had a 95% confidence interval for the difference compared to placebo which was entirely above zero.  There were no deaths of maternal or infant participants reported during the study. SAEs were reported similarly among all groups of maternal participants and were mostly associated with pregnancy-related conditions. One stillbirth occurred in a maternal participant who received placebo. No SAEs reported for infant participants were considered related to maternal vaccination with investigational product. There were no AEs of special interest (AESI) of developmental delay reported throughout the study. Most AESI of congenital anomalies were mild and those of at least moderate severity were reported in a similar frequency across all groups. None of these events were considered related to maternal vaccination with investigational product. Most maternal participants in this study had uncomplicated pregnancies and delivered via the vaginal route at term. Most infants were born at term and had uncomplicated transitions after delivery. Specific birth complications were reported with similar frequency across study groups. Conclusions: Following vaccination, RSVpreF rapidly elicited robust RSV A– and B–neutralizing antibody titers in maternal participants that remained well above baseline through 6 months after delivery. Maternal-to-infant placental transfer ratios were >1 for all vaccine groups; while there were higher RSV neutralizing GMTs in maternal participants after vaccination with RSVpreF formulated with Al(OH) than without Al(OH) , this difference did not 3 3 translate into higher RSV neutralizing GMTs in infants. RSV neutralizing GMTs in infants through 6 months of life remained higher in those born to vaccinated mothers than infants born to mothers who received placebo. In general, RSVpreF was safe and well-tolerated regardless of formulation (with or without Al[OH] ) or dose (120 or 240 µg). The most frequently reported local reaction was pain at 3 the injection site (reported more frequently in participants who received RSVpreF formulated with Al[OH] ) and the most frequently reported systemic event was fatigue. Few fevers were 3 reported, and most were mild or moderate. In general, AEs and SAEs in maternal and infant participants were reported with similar frequency across all vaccine groups. For maternal participants, these events were most often related to complications of pregnancy, labor, delivery, and the immediate postpartum period; for infants, AEs and SAEs were generally common events that occur during the neonatal period and throughout the first year of life. 