Vaccine Name and Compound Number: 20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (CRM protein), Compound Number: PF-06482077 197 Report Title: A Phase 3, Randomized, Double-Blind Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Immunogenicity of a 20-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine (20vPnC) When Coadministered With Seasonal Inactivated Influenza Vaccine (SIIV) in Adults ≥65 Years of Age Protocol Number: B7471004 Sponsor: Pfizer Inc. Phase of Development: Phase 3 First Subject First Visit: 01 September 2020 Last Subject Last Visit: 29 June 2021 Serology Completion Date: 29 July 2021 Coordinating Investigator(s): , PMG Research of Wilmington, LLC, 1907 Tradd Court, Wilmington, NC 28401, United States Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Center(s): 66 study centers in the United States. Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Date of Current Version: 02 November 2021 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not applicable OBJECTIVES Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: Table S1. Study Objectives, Estimands, and Endpoints To demonstrate that the In participants in compliance with  Pneumococcal opsonophagocytic activity (OPA) the key protocol criteria serotype-specific OPA titers geometric mean titers (GMTs) (evaluable participants): elicited by 20vPnC when  Geometric mean ratio (GMR) coadministered with SIIV of the serotype-specific OPA (20vPnC+SIIV) are noninferior to titers 1 month after those elicited by 20vPnC when vaccination with 20vPnC administered 1 month after SIIV from the Coadministration group to the serotype-specific OPA titers 1 month after vaccination with 20vPnC Table S1. Study Objectives, Estimands, and Endpoints Source: Appendix 16.1.1, Protocol Section 3 METHODS Study Design: This Phase 3, multicenter, randomized, double-blind study, with a 2-arm parallel design, was conducted at investigator sites in the United States. A total of 1796 healthy adults ≥65 years of age were stratified by prior pneumococcal vaccine status (no previous pneumococcal vaccine [naïve], receipt of at least 1 dose of 23-valent pneumococcal polysaccharide vaccine [PPSV23] only, receipt of at least 1 dose of 13 valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine [13vPnC] only, or receipt of at least 1 dose each of PPSV23 and 13vPnC) and randomized in The Coadministration group ([SIIV+20vPnC]/saline) received SIIV and 20vPnC at the same visit (Visit 1), followed 1 month later by administration of saline (Visit 2). The Separate Administration group ([SIIV+saline]/20vPnC) received SIIV and saline at Visit 1, followed 1 month later with 20vPnC administered at Visit 2. If participants had received prior pneumococcal vaccination(s), the most recent dose must have been given ≥6 months prior to the first study vaccination. Information on any prior pneumococcal vaccines was collected at enrollment. There was an informal goal to enroll approximately 50% of participants with no prior pneumococcal vaccination; however, there was no mandated target and based on the rates of pneumococcal vaccination in the United States, this was not feasible. The distribution achieved in the study is described in Study Demographics. On Day 1 (Visit 1), participants were assessed for eligibility, had blood drawn for immunogenicity assessments, and were randomized and received either SIIV and 20vPnC ([SIIV+20vPnC]/saline) or SIIV and saline ([SIIV+saline]/20vPnC). Participants were observed for 30 minutes after vaccination by blinded site staff, who recorded AEs occurring during that time. Participants also received safety follow-up and e-diary instructions and a measuring device (caliper) at the visit. Prompted local reactions (redness, swelling, and pain at the injection site) occurring at the injection site within 10 days after vaccination and prompted systemic events (fever, headache, fatigue, muscle pain, and joint pain) occurring within 7 days after vaccination were recorded daily in the e-diary. Use of antipyretic/pain medications was collected daily in an e-diary for 7 days after vaccination. Participants returned for Visit 2, (28 to 42 days after Visit 1) and were assessed for continued eligibility; information on any AEs, SAEs, NDCMCs, concomitant medication used to treat any SAEs or NDCMCs, nonstudy vaccines, and e-diary follow-up was collected. Blood was drawn for immunogenicity assessments. Participants received a vaccination with either saline ([SIIV+20vPnC]/saline group) or 20vPnC ([SIIV+saline]/20vPnC group) and were observed for 30 minutes after vaccination by blinded site staff who recorded any reactions occurring during this time as AEs. Participants returned for Visit 3 (28 to 42 days after Visit 2), and were assessed for continued eligibility; information was collected from the participants on AEs, SAEs, NDCMCs, and e-diary follow-up (as needed). Blood was drawn for immunogenicity assessment. AEs (nonserious AEs, SAEs, and NDCMCs) were collected for each participant from the time informed consent was obtained through and including Visit 3. For Visit 4 (approximately 6 months [168 to 196 days] after Visit 2), the sites contacted participants via telephone to record any SAEs or NDCMCs including concomitant treatments as well as the receipt of nonstudy vaccinations since the last visit. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Key inclusion/exclusion criteria are as follows: Inclusion Criteria:  Male or female participants ≥65 years of age at the time of consent.  Adults determined by clinical assessment, including medical history and clinical judgment, to be eligible for the study, including adults with preexisting stable disease, defined as disease not requiring significant change in therapy in the previous 6 weeks or hospitalization for worsening disease within 12 weeks before receipt of investigational product.  Adults who had no history of ever receiving a pneumococcal vaccine (ie, pneumococcal vaccine–naïve), or had a history of receiving a licensed pneumococcal vaccination ≥6 months prior to the first vaccination in the study.  Note: For participants with a history of receiving a licensed pneumococcal vaccination, documentation of date(s) and type(s) of prior pneumococcal vaccination(s) was obtained. Exclusion Criteria:  History of severe adverse reaction associated with a vaccine and/or severe allergic reaction (eg, anaphylaxis) to any component of 20vPnC, any other diphtheria toxoid–containing vaccine, or SIIV.  Allergy to egg proteins (egg or egg products) or chicken proteins.  Serious chronic disorder, including metastatic malignancy, severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder requiring supplemental oxygen, end-stage renal disease with or without dialysis, cirrhosis of the liver, clinically unstable cardiac disease, or any other disorder that in the investigator’s opinion would make the participant inappropriate for entry into the study.  History of Guillain-Barré syndrome.  History of microbiologically proven invasive disease caused by S pneumoniae.  Known or suspected immunodeficiency or other conditions associated with immunosuppression, including, but not limited to, immunoglobulin class/subclass deficiencies, generalized malignancy, human immunodeficiency virus infection, leukemia, lymphoma, or organ or bone marrow transplant.  Previous vaccination with any investigational pneumococcal vaccine, or planned receipt of any licensed or investigational pneumococcal vaccine through study participation.  Vaccination with any influenza vaccine <6 months before investigational product administration, or planned receipt of any licensed or investigational nonstudy influenza vaccine during study participation.  Currently receiving treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, or planned receipt through the last blood draw (Visit 3). If systemic corticosteroids had been administered short term (<14 days) for treatment of an acute illness, participants were not enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy had been discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intraarticular, intrabursal, or topical (skin, eyes, or ears) corticosteroids were permitted. Vaccines Administered: At Visit 1, all participants received a single dose of SIIV injected intramuscularly into the right deltoid. Participants randomized to the (SIIV+20vPnC)/saline group received 20vPnC and participants randomized to the (SIIV+saline)/20vPnC group received saline (0.5 mL injected intramuscularly into the left deltoid). At Visit 2, participants randomized to the (SIIV+20vPnC)/saline group received saline and participants randomized into the (SIIV+saline)/20vPnC group received 20vPnC (0.5 mL injected intramuscularly into the left deltoid). Immunogenicity Evaluations: OPA titers for the 20vPnC serotypes were measured in sera collected at Visits 1, 2, and 3. HAI titers to the influenza strains in the SIIV administered were determined on sera collected at Visits 1 and 2 (prior to and 1 month [28 to 42 days] after SIIV administration. Safety Evaluations: Participants recorded local reactions (redness, swelling, and pain at the injection site) for 10 days (Days 1 through 10, where Day 1 is the day of vaccination), and systemic events (headache, fatigue, muscle pain, and joint pain) and antipyretic/pain medication usage for 7 days (Days 1 through 7, where Day 1 is the day of vaccination), each evening following vaccination using an e-diary. AEs, SAEs, and NDCMCs were collected during the study. AEs were collected from the signing of the informed consent document (ICD) through and including Visit 3. SAEs and NDCMCs were collected from the signing of the ICD until the final visit (Visit 4, final telephone contact). Acute reactions (immediate events) within the first 30 minutes after investigational product administration were assessed and documented as an AE or SAE, as appropriate, in the case report form. Statistical Methods: Immunogenicity Analysis The primary pneumococcal and SIIV immunogenicity objectives were evaluated by formal hypothesis tests for noninferiority of coadministration of SIIV and 20vPnC (Coadministration group) to administration of SIIV followed by 20vPnC 1 month later (Separate Administration group), based on serotype-specific OPA GMTs and the strain-specific HAI GMTs 1 month after vaccination, respectively. Noninferiority of the Coadministration group to the Separate Administration group for a pneumococcal serotype or an influenza strain was declared if the lower bound of the 2-sided 95% CI for the GMR (Coadministration group to Separate Administration group) 1 month after vaccination was greater than 0.50 (2-fold criterion) or 0.67 (1.5-fold criterion), respectively. The primary immunogenicity objectives of the study were achieved, in principle, if the 2-fold noninferiority criterion was met for each of the 20 OPA serotypes and the 1.5-fold noninferiority criterion was met for each of the HAI strains. Additionally, serotype-specific OPA GMFRs from before vaccination to 1 month after vaccination, percentages of participants with ≥4-fold rises in serotype-specific OPA titers from before vaccination to 1 month after vaccination, and reverse cumulative distribution curves (RCDCs) of the OPA titers were provided for each vaccine group to further characterize the immune response to 20vPnC. For SIIV immune response, additional descriptive summary statistics were also provided for strain-specific HAI GMFR from before vaccination to 1 month after SIIV in each vaccine group. Safety Analysis The primary safety objective was evaluated by descriptive summary statistics for local reactions, systemic events, and AEs (including SAEs and NDCMCs) for each vaccine group. A 3-tier approach was used to summarize AEs. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: A total of 1796 participants were randomized, 1752 (97.6%) were vaccinated at Visit 2, and 1727 (96.2%) completed the study. The most common reason for withdrawal was withdrawal by participant. Demographic and baseline characteristics, including sex, race, ethnicity, age, prior pneumococcal vaccine status, and smoking history for the safety population were similar for both vaccine groups. The proportions of participants with the various vaccine histories (naïve, prior PPSV23 only, prior 13vPnC only, prior 13vPnC and PPSV23) generally reflected the recent distribution in adults 65 years of age and over in United States. Baseline characteristics, including prior pneumococcal vaccine status and smoking history, for the evaluable pneumococcal immunogenicity and evaluable HAI immunogenicity populations were similar to those for the safety population. Immunogenicity Results: Immune Responses to 20vPnC  The immune responses to all 20 serotypes elicited by 20vPnC when coadministered with SIIV were noninferior to those elicited by 20vPnC when administered 1 month after SIIV.  20vPnC elicited robust immune responses to all 20 serotypes when coadministered with SIIV and when administered 1 month after SIIV. OPA GMFRs were generally similar for most serotypes from before to 1 month after 20vPnC when administered separately after SIIV or coadministered with SIIV. Proportions of participants who had ≥4-fold rises in pneumococcal OPA titers from before to 1 month after 20vPnC were generally similar for most serotypes when 20vPnC was coadministered with SIIV or administered separately. Immune Responses to SIIV  Immune responses to all 4 influenza strains elicited by SIIV when coadministered with 20vPnC were noninferior to those elicited by SIIV alone.  The observed point estimates of the GMFRs 1 month after SIIV were the same for all 4 influenza strains whether SIIV was coadministered with 20vPnC or administered separately. Safety Results:  Local reactions at the 20vPnC injection site were similar when 20vPnC was coadministered with SIIV or given separately 1 month after SIIV. There was a trend for somewhat higher proportions of participants reporting mild or moderate fatigue in the group receiving 20vPnC coadministered with SIIV over either vaccine given alone, but the difference between the groups was not clinically significant. The rate of "Any Fever" was low (≤1.5%) in all groups. Most local reactions and systemic events were mild or moderate in severity.  Rates of reported AEs within 1 month after vaccination were low and similar after 20vPnC was coadministered with SIIV, 20vPnC was administered separately, or SIIV administered separately).  Less than or equal to 1.7% of participants in either group reported any SAE within 1 separate administration of 20vPnC. The proportions of participants who reported SAEs within 6 months after vaccination in either the Coadministration or Separate Administration group were low (3.7% in both groups) and consistent with medical events that may occur in this population. No SAEs were considered related to vaccine.  The proportions of participants who reported NDCMCs within 6 months after vaccination in either the Coadministration or Separate Administration group were low (≤3.8%), similar in the 2 groups, and consistent with medical events that may occur in this population. No NDCMCs were considered related to vaccine. Conclusions: The responses after coadministration of 20vPnC and SIIV met noninferiority for all 20 vaccine serotypes when compared to 20vPnC given separately, and for all 4 influenza strains compared to SIIV given separately. 20vPnC was observed to have a similar safety profile when coadministered with or administered 1 month after SIIV. The results from this study support the safety and immunogenicity of 20vPnC coadministered with SIIV. 