PFIZER INC. These results are supplied for informational purposes only. Prescribing decisions should be made based on the approved package insert. GENERIC DRUG NAME AND/OR COMPOUND NUMBER: EPOETIN HOSPIRA/PF-06946151 PROTOCOL NO.: ZIN-EPO-1503 (C3461008) PROTOCOL TITLE: THE PIEDA STUDY: A PHASE 3B INVESTIGATION OF ERYTHROPOIETIN DRUGS USING A SPECIFIED DOSING ALGORITHM: A RANDOMIZED OPEN LABEL DOSING STUDY IN ADULT CHRONIC KIDNEY DISEASE SUBJECTS ON HEMODIALYSIS Study Centers: The study was conducted at 43 facilities in the United States and 3 facilities in Puerto Rico. Study Initiation Date and Primary Completion or Final Completion Dates: 13 July 2015 to 16 July 2016 (Primary completion date = 02 July 2016) Phase of Development: Phase 3b Study Objectives: Primary Objective: To evaluate switching from Epogen to Epoetin Hospira for maintenance of hemoglobin levels in anemic chronic kidney disease (CKD) subjects on hemodialysis using a specified algorithm for the dosing of erythropoietin stimulating agents (ESAs). Secondary Objective: To evaluate switching from Epogen to Epoetin Hospira on the dosing of ESAs in anemic CKD subjects on hemodialysis using a specified algorithm for the dosing of ESAs. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 3b, multicenter, prospective, randomized, open-label, 24-week, 2-arm non-inferiority study with 1 Epoetin Hospira arm and 1 standard-of-care arm (“standard-of-care” is equivalent to Epogen). This clinical trial was designed to determine the control of hemoglobin levels in hemodialysis patients with anemia of CKD who were switched from Epogen to Epoetin Hospira using the most recent analogous versions of the Fresenius Medical Care North America (FMCNA) ESA dosing algorithm (as indicated in the protocol, Epogen Corporate Medical Advisory Board (cMAB) 5 [inclusive of Versions 5.0, 5.1, …] and Epoetin Hospira cMAB 1 [inclusive of Versions 1.0, 1.1, …]), which was initially developed for Epogen. Epogen cMAB Version 5.1 and Epoetin Hospira cMAB Version 1.1 were effective during the course of study conduct. The subject population utilized in this study included female and male adult (age 18 years and older) anemic CKD hemodialysis subjects. Subjects had regularly received routine Epogen administered by an intravenous (IV) route for treatment of anemia during the previous 16 weeks prior to prior to randomization. Subjects had up to a 30-day period for screening procedures. Subjects screened provided informed consent prior to randomization in this trial. Subjects who met the eligibility criteria of the study and who were randomized to the standard-of-care arm were continued on Epogen ESA therapy for 24 weeks (Figure 1). Epogen was continued upon randomization using the same prescribed dose and frequency, and administered by an IV route using the current version of the FMCNA dosing algorithm (cMAB algorithm 5 [inclusive of Versions 5.0, 5.1, …]). Subjects who met the eligibility criteria of the study and who were randomized to the Epoetin Hospira arm had Epogen therapy switched to the investigational biosimilar ESA Epoetin Hospira for 24 weeks. Epoetin Hospira was initiated upon randomization using the same prescribed dose and frequency used for Epogen, and administered by an IV route using the Epoetin Hospira version of the FMCNA dosing algorithm (cMAB algorithm 1 [inclusive of Versions 1.0, 1.1, …]). The baseline data for subjects in both arms consisted of clinical information obtained at screening and randomization, as well as information obtained for the 12-week period immediately prior to randomization. The majority of the laboratory tests utilized for this protocol were performed per the standard clinical management of hemodialysis patients. In addition, serum pregnancy tests and testing for immunogenicity of anti-epoetin antibodies was performed for all subjects at screening. Also for all subjects, serum pregnancy tests (if applicable) and serum samples for immunogenicity of anti-epoetin (anti-epoetin is equivalent to anti-recombinant human erythropoietin) antibodies were drawn at the end of the 24-week treatment period. Note that a subject’s end-of-trial blood draws were not to be analyzed unless clinically applicable. A schematic of the study design is shown in Figure 1. Note: Primary and secondary endpoints utilized 8 weeks of data for baseline. For final values the primary endpoint utilized the proportions of time, and the secondary endpoint utilized the average, over the final 8 weeks of the study as depicted. Standard-of-care is equivalent to Epogen. A schedule of study activities is presented in Table 1. Table 1. Schedule of Study Activities (Both Arms) Table 1. Schedule of Study Activities (Both Arms) AVF = arteriovenous fistula; AVG = arteriovenous graft; CKD = chronic kidney disease; EOT = end of treatment; ESA = erythropoietin stimulating agent; SoC = standard-of-care. a. In case of early termination same study activities listed under EOT were performed. b. All subjects screened had provided informed consent prior to participation in this trial. c. Between the 4-weekly study visits the investigational product was administered 1 to 3 times/week. d. First dose occurred within 7 days post-randomization date; date of first dose of study drug then defined/reset “Day 1” to determine trial duration. e. For subjects randomized to the Epoetin Hospira arm, the first dose of investigational product occurred after the date of randomization, but these subjects received their prescribed dose no later than at the next subsequent hemodialysis treatment. Approximately 378 subjects (189 for each treatment group) were planned to be randomized in this study. A total of 501 subjects were screened, out of which 432 subjects were randomized (221 for the Epoetin Hospira group and 211 for the standard-of-care group). Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion and Exclusion: Inclusion Criteria: Eligible subjects included male and/or female end-stage renal disease (ESRD) subjects treated in-center with the modality of hemodialysis for 120 days, aged 18 years, diagnosed with anemia, were administered routine Epogen therapy for at least 16 weeks by an IV route for treatment of anemia using an Epogen version of an FMCNA dosing algorithm for ESA, and did not miss more than 3 prescribed doses of Epogen within 12 weeks prior to randomization, are currently using the IV Epogen version of the ESA dosing algorithm cMAB 5 (inclusive of versions 5.0, 5.1, …) for anemia management, and are receiving hemodialysis at a clinic using the FMCNA dosing algorithm for IV iron that is the FMCNA standard-of-care treatment for iron replacement. Exclusion Criteria: Subjects who were unable to provide a signed and dated informed consent for this clinical research study, were female subjects of childbearing potential who did not agree to use a highly effective method of contraception as determined by the investigator, were displaying any condition as determined by the investigator that would have placed a subject at an increased risk or preclude subject’s full compliance with the study procedures and visits, were female subjects who were known to be or found to be pregnant or lactating, were not a candidate for ESA therapies per the label warnings listed in the package insert for Epogen and/or contraindications to Epoetin Hospira listed in the Investigator’s Brochure or had a known positive test for anti-epoetin antibodies, were treated with any investigational drug within 30 days prior to randomization and throughout the clinical trial, were diagnosed with any concurrent condition that could have led to greater-than-normal loss of blood, had a history of transfusion of any blood product in the past 3 months, or 2 or more transfusions in the past year, or donated or lost >475 mL blood volume (including plasmapheresis) in the past 3 months, or were currently receiving a long-acting ESA or who had received a long-acting ESA in the 16 weeks prior to study randomization were not eligible for this study. Study Treatment: Subjects randomized to the Epoetin Hospira arm were administered IV Epoetin Hospira as per the analogous version of the FMCNA algorithm (Epoetin Hospira cMAB algorithm 1 [inclusive of Versions 1.0, 1.1, …]) for 24 weeks. Subjects had Epoetin Hospira initiated using the same ESA dose level and frequency of administration for Epogen prior to randomization into the trial. Subjects also received IV iron per the FMCNA protocol that is standard-of-care at FMCNA clinics during the 24-week period. Subjects included in the standard-of-care arm received prospective Epogen at FMCNA clinics during the 24-week post-randomization period. Epogen was administered IV per the current version of the FMCNA ESA dosing algorithm (Epogen cMAB algorithm 5 [inclusive of Versions 5.0, 5.1, …]) for 24 weeks. Subjects continued on Epogen using the same ESA received IV iron per the FMCNA protocol that is standard-of-care at FMCNA clinics. Efficacy Endpoints: Primary Efficacy Endpoint:  The proportions of time subjects’ hemoglobin levels were between 9 to 11 g/dL using analogous dosing algorithms (FMCNA algorithms Epogen cMAB 5 [inclusive of versions 5.0, 5.1, …] and Epoetin Hospira cMAB 1 [inclusive of version 1.0, 1.1, …]) for each ESA over the final 8 weeks of the study. Secondary Efficacy Endpoint:  The change from baseline in the mean ESA dose per subject per week, using analogous dosing algorithms (Epogen cMAB 5 [inclusive of versions 5.0, 5.1, …] and Epoetin Hospira cMAB 1 [inclusive of version 1.0, 1.1, …]) for each ESA over the final 8 weeks of the study (with baseline defined as the mean ESA dose per patient per week over the 8 week period prior to randomization). Safety Evaluations: The safety variables that were assessed in both arms were (1) the number of deaths and (2) the number (and mean frequency) of hospital admissions. In addition, adverse events (AEs) were collected and compiled for all subjects, but only AEs from full analysis set (FAS) subjects were analyzed. These data were tabulated and/or listed, including solicited AEs and additional laboratory tests, including anti-epoetin (anti-epoetin is equivalent to anti-recombinant human erythropoietin) antibodies. Other safety evaluations included laboratory tests, vital signs, changes in electrocardiograms (ECGs), and investigator-reported tolerability. Statistical Methods: Analysis Sets:  Full analysis set (FAS): Epoetin Hospira arm subjects who received at least 1 dose of Epoetin Hospira, and standard-of-care arm subjects who received at least 1 dose of Epogen after randomization into the study. The primary analysis of the primary endpoint was done on the FAS. For analysis of a particular variable, a subject had at least 1 measurement in the defined visit to be included. For the primary endpoint, a subject had at least 1 valid value during the final 8 weeks of the study to be included.  Per protocol set (PPS): Epoetin Hospira arm subjects who completed the final 8 weeks of treatment with Epoetin Hospira and had not missed more than 3 defined and scheduled doses of Epoetin Hospira during the final 8-week period, and standard-of-care arm subjects who complete the final 8 weeks of treatment and had not missed more than 3 defined and scheduled doses of Epogen during the final 8-week period. equal to 0.05, unless otherwise noted. All clinical data captured were provided in data listings. Primary Endpoint: For the primary endpoint, a clustered binomial analysis using the logistic regression method was performed on binary response data to compare the proportions of time subjects’ hemoglobin levels were between 9 and 11 g/dL over the final 8 weeks of study. Subjects’ baseline hemoglobin levels were included as a covariate. A 95% confidence interval (CI) of the proportions was constructed using the generalized estimated equation method; non- inferiority was to be demonstrated statistically if the lower bound of the 95% CI is greater than the non-inferiority margin of -12.5%. Primary endpoint analysis was based on the FAS. In addition, PPS analysis was performed. Secondary Endpoint: The secondary endpoint of the change of the mean ESA dose over final 8 weeks of the study treatment period from baseline (defined as 8 weeks prior to randomization) was analyzed using an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) model with treatment as a factor and mean ESA dose per week over the 8 week period prior to randomization as a covariate. The least-squares (LS) mean, standard error (SE), and LS mean difference between the 2 treatment groups, along with the 95% CI of the difference between them, were obtained and reported. Secondary analysis was performed on the FAS and PPS. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: Summary of subject disposition is provided in Table 2. A total of 432 subjects were randomized, 221 subjects to the Epoetin Hospira arm and 211 subjects to the standard-of-care arm. Of the 221 subjects randomized to Epoetin Hospira, 9 subjects (4.1%) received no treatment. Of the 211 subjects randomized to Epogen, 5 subjects (2.4%) received no treatment. All subjects who received study drug were treated according to the treatment arm they were assigned to at randomization. The FAS population was comprised of all subjects who received at least 1 dose of study drug: 212 subjects (95.9%) in the Epoetin Hospira arm and 206 subjects (97.6%) in the standard-of-care arm. The proportion of subjects who completed the study was slightly higher in the standard-of-care arm (158 subjects, 74.9%) compared to the Epoetin Hospira arm (156 subjects, 70.6%). A similar proportion of subjects discontinued from the study in both treatment arms (Epoetin Hospira: 56 subjects, 25.3% and Epogen: 48 subjects, 22.7%). The most common reason for discontinuation was due to protocol withdrawal criteria (Epoetin Hospira: 27 subjects, 12.2% and Epogen: 26 subjects, 12.3%). drug and did not miss more than 3 defined and scheduled doses of the study drug during the final 8-week period. The PPS was made up of 137 subjects (62.0%) in the Epoetin Hospira arm and 130 subjects (61.6%) in the standard-of-care arm. A summary of demographic and baseline characteristics on the FAS is provided in Table 3. The mean (standard deviation [SD]) age for all participants was 59.9 (14.09) years. The majority of the subjects were male (234 subjects, 56.0%). The majority of the subjects were identified as White (283 subjects, 67.7%), Black (107 subjects, 25.6%), or Asian (20 subjects, 4.8%). The majority of subjects were identified as not Hispanic or Latino (246 subjects, 58.9%). Efficacy Results: Primary Efficacy Evaluation: For the FAS, the lower bound of the 95% CI (-7.6%) of the difference in proportions was greater than the non-inferiority margin (-12.5%), indicating that treatment using Epoetin Hospira is not inferior to the standard-of-care treatment in the maintenance of subjects’ hemoglobin levels when dosed using Epoetin Hospira cMAB Version 1.1 and Epogen cMAB Version 5.1 algorithms. When using the algorithms, Epoetin Hospira subjects had hemoglobin levels in the target range 61.9% of the time (95% CI: 57.5 – 66.2) and standard-of-care subjects had hemoglobin levels in the target range 63.3% of the time (95% CI: 58.7 - 67.7) (Table 4). Similar results were observed using the per protocol analysis set (Table 5). 9 to 11 g/dL Over the Last 8 Weeks of the Study Using Epoetin Hospira 9 to 11 g/dL Over the Last 8 Weeks of the Study Using Epoetin Hospira Secondary Efficacy Evaluation: The mean change from baseline in weekly mean ESA dose over the final 8 weeks of the study for the FAS is provided in Table 6. There was no significant difference (P = 0.1874) between the mean change in ESA dose in the Epoetin Hospira arm (-1728.2 U, SD = 8785.93) and in the standard-of-care arm (-937.9 U, SD = 8669.65). The differences in the change from baseline between groups fall within the 95% CI for the Epoetin Hospira arm (-2970.0 to -753.5) and the standard-of-care arm (-1927.0 to 327.5). Results were comparable for the PPS. 8 Weeks of the Study, Full Analysis Set Safety Results: Treatment-emergent non-serious AEs (>5% of subjects) are presented by system organ class and preferred term in Table 7. The most frequently reported non-serious AEs were nausea (Epoetin Hospira: 3 subjects [1.4%], standard-of-care: 13 subjects [6.3%]) and dyspnea (Epoetin Hospira: 7 subjects [3.3%], standard-of-care: 11 subjects [5.3%]). and Preferred Term (All Causalities) in >5% of Subjects Number of Subjects Evaluable for AEs Epoetin Standard-of- Number (%) of Subjects: by System Organ Class Hospira Care Total and Preferred Term (N = 212) (N = 206) (N = 418) n (%) n (%) n (%) With any adverse event 10 (4.7) 21 (10.2) 31 (7.4) Gastrointestinal disorders 3 (1.4) 13 (6.3) 16 (3.8) Nausea 3 (1.4) 13 (6.3) 16 (3.8) Respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders 7 (3.3) 11 (5.3) 18 (4.3) Dyspnoea 7 (3.3) 11 (5.3) 18 (4.3) Subjects were only counted once per treatment for each row. Percentages of treatment specific events were calculated using the corresponding treatment count as denominator.An AE was considered to be treatment-emergent (TEAE) if the event started or worsened in severity after the start of the study drug given to 30 days after the last dose of study drug. Totals for the number of subjects at a higher level are not necessarily the sum of those at the lower levels since a subject may report 2 or more different AEs within the higher level category. MedDRA (v19.0) coding dictionary applied. Standard-of-care is equivalent to Epogen. AE = adverse event; MedDRA = Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities; N = number of subjects; n = number of subjects meeting prespecified criteria; TEAE = treatment-emergent adverse event. Treatment-emergent SAEs of the FAS are summarized by system organ class and preferred term in Table 8. SAEs were experienced by 130 subjects (31.1%): 66 subjects (31.1%) in the Epoetin Hospira arm and 64 subjects (31.1%) in the standard-of-care arm. The system organ classes for the most commonly reported SAEs across the 2 treatment groups were infections and infestations (8.6%), cardiac disorders (6.5%), respiratory, thoracic and mediastinal disorders (5.3%), general disorders and administration site conditions (5.3%), and injury, poisoning and procedural complications (5.0%). The most frequently reported SAEs for the 2 treatment groups were cardiac arrest (Epoetin Hospira: 2 subjects [0.9%], standard-of-care: 6 subjects [2.9]), pneumonia (Epoetin Hospira: 7 subjects [3.3%], standard-of-care: 1 subject [0.5%]), fluid overload (Epoetin Hospira: 4 subjects [1.9%], standard-of-care: 3 subjects [1.5%]), and condition aggravated (Epoetin Hospira: 4 subjects [1.9%], standard-of-care: 3 subjects [1.5%]). Class and Preferred Term, Full Analysis Set Pyrexia 0 (0.0) 1 (0.5) 1 (0.2) Class and Preferred Term, Full Analysis Set Wound dehiscence 0 (0.0) 1 (0.5) 1 (0.2) Class and Preferred Term, Full Analysis Set Respiratory arrest 0 (0.0) 1 (0.5) 1 (0.2) Class and Preferred Term, Full Analysis Set A total of 22 (5.3%) subjects discontinued the study due to treatment-emergent AEs. There were 12 deaths (5.7%) reported in the Epoetin Hospira group, and 12 deaths (5.8%) reported in the standard-of-care group. Two (2) additional SAEs resulting in death were reported; however, these subjects did not receive study treatment and were thus excluded from the FAS. There were 68 subjects (32.1%) hospitalized in the Epoetin Hospira group, and 63 subjects (30.6%) hospitalized in the standard-of-care group. CONCLUSIONS: In the primary analysis within the FAS, the estimated proportion (95% CI) of time that the subjects’ hemoglobin levels were between 9 and 11 g/dL was 61.9% (57.5 - 66.2) for the Epoetin Hospira arm and 63.3% (58.7 - 67.7) for the standard-of-care arm. Because the lower bound of the 95% CI for the difference in proportions (-7.6%) was greater than the pre-specified non-inferiority of -12.5%, this study demonstrated non-inferiority of Epoetin Hospira to the standard-of-care treatment in the maintenance of subjects’ hemoglobin levels using Epoetin Hospira cMAB Version 1.1 and Epogen cMAB Version 5.1 algorithms for dosing. The overall efficacy data indicate that treatment using Epoetin Hospira is at least as effective as the standard-of-care treatment in the maintenance of subjects’ hemoglobin levels for the treatment of anemia in CKD subjects on hemodialysis using analogous dosing algorithms (FMCNA algorithms Epogen cMAB 5 and Epoetin Hospira cMAB 1) for each ESA. rate of AEs, SAEs, or deaths between subjects treated according to the FMCNA algorithms Epogen cMAB 5.1 and Epoetin Hospira cMAB 1.1. 