Investigational Product: Tofacitinib (CP-690,550) Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol A3921133 Protocol Title: Phase 3b/4 Randomized Safety Endpoint Study of 2 Doses of Tofacitinib in Comparison to A Tumor Necrosis Factor (TNF) Inhibitor in Subjects with Rheumatoid Arthritis Investigators: Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of investigators involved in this study. Study Centers: Argentina (10 sites), Australia (4 sites), Brazil (16 sites), Bulgaria (5 sites), Canada (6 sites), Chile (3 sites), China (1 site), Columbia (5 sites), Czech Republic (9 sites), Finland (2 sites), Hong Kong (4 sites), Israel (11 sites), Jordan (1 site), Lebanon (1 site), Malaysia (3 sites), Mexico (13 sites), Netherlands (2 sites), New Zealand (4 sites), Peru (10 sites), Poland (18 sites), Puerto Rico (2 sites), Russian Federation (10 sites), Slovakia (7 sites), South Africa (11 sites), Spain (10 sites), Taiwan (6 sites), Thailand (5 sites), Turkey (5 sites), United Kingdom (UK; 6 sites), and United States (US; 118 sites). Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Publications Based on the Study: None Study Initiation Date: 14 March 2014 Study Completion Date: 22 July 2020 Report Date: 01 June 2021 Previous Report Date(s): Not applicable Phase of Development: Phase 3b/4 Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints: Table S1. Primary and Secondary Study Objectives and Endpoints PrimaryTo evaluate the safety of tofacitinib at 2 doses  Malignancies excluding NMSCs (adjudicated). versus TNFi; the co-primary endpoints were adjudicated MACE and adjudicated  MACE (adjudicated). malignancies excluding NMSCs during study participation. The definitions of MACE used in this study were consistent with those outlined in the Standardized Definitions for Cardiovascular and Stroke End Point Events in Clinical Trials with the exclusion of cardiovascular death due to PE. The following events SecondaryEfficacy:The following assessments were used to  Change from baseline to each post-baseline scheduled evaluate efficacy in the study population: visit in DAS28-4(CRP), SDAI and CDAI.  28 joint counts.  Rate of remission at each post-baseline scheduled visit including:  Patient Global Assessment.  ACR-EULAR Boolean Remission (defined as the  Patient Assessment of Pain. subject satisfying all of the following: tender joint count ≤1, swollen joint count ≤1, CRP ≤1 mg/dL,  Physician Global Assessment. patient global assessment ≤1 on a 0-10 scale).  CRP.  SDAI ≤3.3.  A number of patient reported outcomes,  CDAI ≤2.8. including the HAQ-DI.  Rate of LDA at each post-baseline scheduled visit including:  SDAI ≤11.  CDAI ≤10.  DAS28-4(CRP) ≤3.2. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 3b/4 randomized, parallel arm, open-label safety endpoint study. All subjects were randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio to 1 of 3 treatment arms with approximately 1400 subjects in each treatment arm: tofacitinib 5 mg twice daily (BID; oral), tofacitinib 10 mg BID (oral), or tumor necrosis factor inhibitor (TNFi). In the US, Puerto Rico and Canada, subjects randomized to TNFi received adalimumab 40 mg every other week by subcutaneous (SC) injection; in all other countries, subjects randomized to TNFi received etanercept 50 mg once weekly by SC injection. In response to new safety information about tofacitinib, Study A3921133 Investigators were notified on 19 February 2019 to verbally inform subjects randomized to tofacitinib 10 mg secure their verbal agreement to continue in the study, and if they agreed, reduce their dose of tofacitinib to 5 mg BID for the remainder of the study. Tofacitinib was supplied as 5 mg tablets, which allowed subjects to decrease from their previous dose of 2 tablets BID to 1 tablet BID. This was formalized in protocol Amendment 8 on 18 March 2019. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Adult subjects who were 50 years of age or older, with moderate to severe rheumatoid arthritis (RA) inadequately controlled with methotrexate alone, had at least 1 of the following additional cardiovascular risk factors at screening: current cigarette smoker, diagnosis of hypertension, high density lipoprotein (HDL) <40 mg/dL, diabetes mellitus, family history of premature coronary heart disease, presence of extra-articular disease associated with RA (such as nodules, Sjögren’s syndrome, anemia of chronic disease and pulmonary manifestations), history of coronary artery disease including a history of revascularization procedure, coronary artery bypass grafting, myocardial infarction, cardiac arrest, unstable angina, acute coronary syndrome. Study Treatment: All subjects were enrolled on their previously prescribed stable dose of methotrexate and were randomly assigned to 1 of 3 active treatment arms in the study. Tofacitinib was supplied as 5 mg tablets, which allowed subjects to decrease from their previous dose of 2 tablets BID to 1 tablet BID. The comparator adalimumab was prescribed by the Principal Investigator as 40 mg prefilled syringes for injection and the subjects collected the prescription from local pharmacies with a pre-paid prescription card provided at the Sponsor’s request. The comparator etanercept was provided to sites as 50 mg prefilled syringes for injection in cartons provided by the Sponsor for distribution by the site. Table S2. Investigational Product Description Investigational Product Vendor Lot Pfizer Lot Number Strength/Potency Dosage Form Description Number Tofacitinib J41185 14-00331 5 mg Tablet J41186 14-003313 5 mg Tablet M18287 15-006090 5 mg Tablet R34766 16-003832 5 mg Tablet R34767 16-003833 5 mg Tablet S26918 17-000460 5 mg Tablet T24762 17-002946 5 mg Tablet W31979 18-000629 5 mg Tablet X20922 18-002304 5 mg Tablet 9661633000 13-107280 5 mg Tablet G12964 13-109839 5 mg Tablet Table S2. Investigational Product Description Investigational Product Vendor Lot Pfizer Lot Number Strength/Potency Dosage Form Description Number G12968 13-109846 5 mg Tablet G12970 13-109847 5 mg Tablet G56540 13-109848 5 mg Tablet G56543 13-109849 5 mg Tablet Adalimumab Not available Not available 40 mg Prefilled syringe Etanercept WEOE32 15-004883 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEOJ60 16-000029 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEPA03 16-002096 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEPE27 16-005488 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEPK54 17-001211 50 mg Prefilled syringe WERK182 19-000316 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEQC07 17-002345 50 mg Prefilled syringe WEQE151A 18-000129 50 mg Prefilled syringe WERA022 18-001036 50 mg Prefilled syringe Dosing and duration: Tofacitinib 5 mg and 10 mg dosages were each taken BID. Adalimumab 40 mg SC was administered every other week and etanercept 50 mg SC was administered every week. The study was to be declared complete when all of the following conditions were met: At least 1500 subjects had been followed for 3 years; the targeted number of adjudicated MACE was observed; the targeted number of adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC was observed. Efficacy Evaluations: Efficacy endpoints included:  Change from baseline in the Disease Activity Score-28-C-reactive Protein 4 composite measure for rheumatoid arthritis [DAS28-4(CRP)], Simplified Disease Activity Index (SDAI) and Clinical Disease Activity Index (CDAI).  Rate of remission SDAI ≤3.3, CDAI ≤2.8, and American College of Rheumatology- European League Against Rheumatism (ACR-EULAR) Boolean Remission (defined as the subject satisfying all of the following: tender joint count ≤1, swollen joint count ≤1, C-reactive protein (CRP) ≤1 mg/dL, Patient Global Assessment of Arthritis ≤1 on a 0 to 10 scale).  ACR20, ACR50, and ACR70 response rates.  Change from baseline in the Health Assessment Questionnaire – Disability Index (HAQ-DI). Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic, Pharmacogenomic, and/or Other Evaluations: No pharmacokinetic or pharmacodynamic evaluations were performed. Patient reported outcomes employed the following assessments:  The HAQ-DI, which was included as a secondary efficacy endpoint, assessed the degree of difficulty a subject had experienced during the past week in 8 domains of daily living activities:  Dressing and grooming, arising, eating, walking, hygiene, reach, grip, and other activities.  Each level of difficulty was scored from 0 to 3 with 0 representing “no difficulty,” 1 as “some difficulty,” 2 as “much difficulty,” and 3 as “unable to do”.  The 36-Item Short Form Health Survey (Version 2, Acute) (SF-36v2 [Acute]) is a 36-item generic health status measure that measures 8 general health domains:  Physical functioning, role-physical, bodily pain, general health, vitality, social functioning, role emotional and mental health.  Domains could also be summarized as Physical Component Summary (PCS) and Mental Component Summary (MCS) scores. Changes from baseline in norm-based 8 domain scores as well as PCS and MCS scores were the endpoints of interest and were analyzed individually.  The EuroQol EQ-5D Health State Profile 3 Level (EQ-5D-3L) is a health status measure used in health economic evaluations that assessed the impact on health-related quality of life in 5 domains:  Mobility, self-care, usual activities, pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression.  Scores from the 5 domains was used to calculate a single index value, also known as a health utility score (based on UK weights).  EuroQol visual-analog score (EQ-VAS, 0-100) anchored with 0 as the worst health you can imagine and 100 as the best health you can imagine. Changes from baseline in the 5 domain scores, the utility score, and EQ-VAS were the  The Work Productivity and Activity Impairment (WPAI) Questionnaire is a 6-item questionnaire that is specific for rheumatoid arthritis and in 4 domains:  Absenteeism (time missed from work), presenteesism (impairment at work/reduced job effectiveness), work productivity loss (overall work impairment - the combination of absenteeism and presenteeism) and activity impairment (impairment in daily activities).  WPAI outcomes were expressed as impairment percentages with higher numbers indicating greater impairment and less productivity. Changes from baseline in the 4 domain outcomes were the endpoints of interest and were analyzed individually. Safety Evaluations: In addition to the collection of the occurrence of the co-primary endpoints, adjudicated major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE) and adjudicated malignancies excluding non-melanoma skin cancer (NMSC) reported during study participation, subjects were assessed for changes in safety parameters including:  Changes in physical assessments, including weight and vital signs.  Adverse event (AE) reporting, incidence and severity.  Incidence and severity of safety laboratory abnormalities.  Adherence to protocol requirements including the use of contraceptives.  Concomitant medication review.  Review of eligibility to continue study drug. At screening and at annual visits, subjects were tested for latent tuberculosis (TB) using the QuantiFERON Gold test. If this resulted in a newly positive test that was previously untreated, a chest X-ray was performed and if there were no signs or symptoms of active TB, subjects were to be treated with a 9-month prophylactic course of isoniazid. If treatment with isoniazid was considered inappropriate for the subject or the subject refused treatment, study drug was to be discontinued. Statistical Methods: Analysis of Efficacy Parameters Repeated measures data for continuous endpoints were analyzed as change from baseline with a MMRM that included fixed effects of treatment group, visit, treatment-group by visit interaction, baseline value, and baseline-value by visit interaction, without explicit provided the model converged or it was practical (in terms of computer run time), otherwise an alternative covariance structure, heterogeneous compound symmetry (CSH) was used. Further, a common compound symmetry variance-covariance matrix was used when the Mixed Model for Repeated Measures (MMRM) model failed to converge using CSH variance-covariance matrix. Least squares means (LSM) of the treatments, LSM of the treatment difference, 2-sided p-value and 95% confidence intervals (CI) at each time point were provided. As this was a time-to-event trial design, the number of subjects became fewer at later visits due to staggered entry into the study. To improve model convergence, only visits with >50 subjects in each treatment arm were included in the MMRM. Binary data were compared between the 2 treatment arms using the normal approximation of binomial proportions and 95% CI of treatment difference was constructed. For composite binary endpoints such as ACR20, if any of the components were missing, it was imputed by last observation carried forward while the subject was still enrolled, and then composite binary endpoint was calculated. Efficacy analyses included data through the last randomized treatment date. Where limited data were available (sample size of ≤50 subjects per treatment group) at later visits, these were not included in the figure presentations for efficacy parameters. The outcome research endpoints were analyzed similarly as for the continuous efficacy endpoints. Primary Safety Endpoint Analyses Decision Criteria (Non-inferiority [NI]): Non-inferiority was to be declared if the following criterion was met.  For the primary comparison: the upper limit of the 2-sided 95% CI for the Hazard Ratio (HR) was less than 1.8 comparing the tofacitinib dose regimens combined versus TNFi.  For the secondary comparison: the upper limit of the 2-sided 95% CI for the HR was less than 2.0 comparing tofacitinib 10 mg BID versus tofacitinib 5 mg BID. These were applied to each of the 2 primary endpoints. No multiple comparison adjustments were made. Treatment Comparisons  Tofacitinib dose regimens combined versus TNFi (primary comparison, using NI margin = 1.8).  Tofacitinib 10 mg BID versus tofacitinib 5 mg BID (secondary comparison, using NI  Tofacitinib 10 mg BID versus TNFi (supportive to primary comparison).  Tofacitinib 5 mg BID versus TNFi (supportive to primary comparison). Censoring Times  The “60-Day On-Treatment Time” was the time from the first study dose to the last randomized study dose plus up to 60 days. The 60-Day On-Treatment Time analysis censored subjects who crossed over from tofacitinib or TNFi to standard of care at 60 days after the last dose of randomized study drug. The “60-Day On-Treatment Time” was the primary censoring time for the adjudicated MACE.  The “Total Time” counted all the events on or off-study treatment. The Total Time analysis did not censor subjects who crossed over from tofacitinib or TNFi to standard of care. The “Total Time” was the primary censoring time for the adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC.  The “28-Day On-Treatment Time” was similar to the “60-Day On-Treatment Time” but with 28 days. This was used for all other safety endpoints as well as supportive analyses for the primary endpoints. For the subjects who were randomized into tofacitinib 10 mg BID and later switched to tofacitinib 5 mg BID following the notification to all Investigators through a Provision of Critical Safety Information on 19 February 2019, the last randomized study dose was the last tofacitinib 5 mg BID dose. The data collected after the dose switch while the subjects received tofacitinib 5 mg BID was analyzed in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm. Primary Analyses Each of the 2 primary endpoints was analyzed using a univariate proportional hazard (Cox) model, which included treatment arm only on the Safety Analysis Set (SAS). For the adjudicated MACE, the primary censoring time was the 60-Day On-Treatment Time, and for the adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC the primary censoring time was Total Time. Crude incidence rates (IRs) along with 95% CIs were provided. The 95% CIs for the IR were calculated based on the assumption that the actual count of cases arises from a Poisson distribution. Kaplan-Meier plots for subjects without event were provided. A number of supportive analyses were performed to assess robustness of the primary analysis conclusion. Subgroup analyses by region (North America and Rest of World [RoW]) and by age (<65 versus ≥65 years) were conducted for the adjudicated MACE and adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC. Serious adverse event presentations were derived from a combination of data in the clinical database and the safety database. The safety database was a separate, centralized, AE from the Investigators to the Sponsor. The study database was based on information provided from the Case Report Forms. Consequently, occasional differences in data may exist between the centralized safety database and the clinical database. Safety data collected while the subjects were receiving standard of care, was analyzed from Day 1 of the standard of care through to the end of the study and were summarized descriptively as a single group. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: A total of 6559 subjects enrolled in the study (signed informed consent); 4372 subjects were randomized; 2914 subjects were randomized to tofacitinib treatment (1457 subjects to tofacitinib 5 mg BID and 1457 subjects to tofacitinib 10 mg BID) and 1458 subjects were randomized to TNFi treatment. Ten randomized subjects did not receive study treatment and were excluded from the SAS and Full Analysis Set (FAS). All other randomized subjects received treatment as randomized. A total of 1455, 1456, and 1451 subjects received at least 1 dose of tofacitinib 5 mg BID, tofacitinib 10 mg BID or TNFi, respectively, and were included in the analyses. Of the 1456 subjects randomized to tofacitinib 10 mg BID and received at least 1 dose of study treatment, 954 subjects remained in the study and received tofacitinib 5 mg BID following Protocol amendment 8. Overall, 2051 subjects who received tofacitinib treatment (1053 subjects in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm and 998 subjects in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm) and 1060 subjects randomized to TNFi treatment completed the study. Proportions of subjects who discontinued study treatment and discontinued from study in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm were higher than that in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and TNFi arms (Figure S1). The number of subjects who discontinued study treatment, and withdrew from the study during the on-treatment phase, as a result of COVID-19, was 1% across the treatment arms and for those subjects under Standard of Care (≤2.2%). All subjects in SAS had a primary diagnosis of RA. The duration since onset of RA was similar across treatment arms. The median age of subjects was 60.0 years and the median duration of RA was 8.03 years. The majority of subjects had at least 1 additional cardiovascular risk factor. Approximately half of the subjects were smokers or had previously smoked. Of those subjects with a history of diabetes, the majority of subjects had type II diabetes. CLINICAL STUDY REPORT SYNOPSIS Figure S1. Subject Disposition Abbreviations: BID = twice daily; TNFi = tumor necrosis factor inhibitor; n = number of subjects. *Dose reduced to tofacitinib 5 mg BID on or after 19 January 2019 as per Study Protocol Amendment 8. Subjects counted as ‘Discontinued study’ in the boxes ‘Moved to Standard of Care’ are a subset of the subjects counted as ‘Discontinued study’ associated with the randomized treatment groups. Efficacy Results: All efficacy results were considered secondary endpoints in the study. Disease Activity Score-28 (C-Reactive Protein) Change from Baseline A least squares (LS) mean improvement (decrease) from baseline in DAS28-4(CRP) was observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and was sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 36 in DAS28-4(CRP). Improvement in DAS28-4(CRP) in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm was similar to TNFi throughout the study. Simplified Disease Activity Index Change from Baseline An LS mean improvement (decrease) from baseline in SDAI was observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and was sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 30 in SDAI. Improvement in SDAI in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm was similar to TNFi throughout the study. Clinical Disease Activity Index Change from Baseline An LS mean improvement (decrease) from baseline in CDAI was observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and was sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 30 in CDAI. Improvement in CDAI in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm was similar to TNFi throughout the study. Rate of Remission at Each Post-Baseline Scheduled Visit ACR-EULAR Boolean Remission Greater ACR-EULAR Boolean Remission rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher ACR-EULAR Boolean Remission rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 6 through Month 18. The ACR-EULAR Boolean Remission rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. Simplified Disease Activity Index Remission Greater SDAI remission (SDAI ≤3.3) rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only The SDAI remission rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. Clinical Disease Activity Index Remission Greater CDAI remission (CDAI ≤2.8) rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher CDAI remission rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 24. The CDAI remission rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. Rate of Low Disease Activity Simplified Disease Activity Index Low Disease Activity Greater SDAI low disease activity (LDA) (SDAI ≤11) rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher SDAI LDA rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 24. The SDAI LDA rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. Clinical Disease Activity Index Low Disease Activity Greater CDAI LDA (CDAI ≤10) rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher CDAI LDA rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 24. The CDAI LDA rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. Disease Activity Score-28 (C-Reactive Protein) Low Disease Activity Greater DAS28-4(CRP) LDA (DAS28-4[CRP] ≤3.2) rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher DAS28-4(CRP) LDA rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 27. The DAS28-4(CRP) LDA rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were similar to TNFi throughout the study. American College of Rheumatology Response Rate Post-Baseline Greater ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 response rates were observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, higher rates versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 3 for ACR20 response, Month 2 through Month 15 for ACR50, and Month 2 through Month 33 for ACR70, respectively. The ACR20, ACR50 and ACR70 response rates in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were generally similar to TNFi throughout the study. Physician Global Assessment of Arthritis An LS mean improvement (decrease) from baseline in Physician Global Assessment of Arthritis was observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and was sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 30 in Physician Global Assessment of Arthritis. Improvement in Physician Global Assessment of Arthritis in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm was similar to TNFi throughout the study. Health Assessment Questionnaire Disability Index An LS mean improvement (decrease) from baseline in HAQ-DI was observed for subjects in all treatment arms at Month 2 (the first post-baseline assessment) and was sustained through the end of the study (up to 6years). The tofacitinib 10 mg BID showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement versus the TNFi arm by Month 2 through Month 27 (except Month 12) in HAQ-DI. Improvement in HAQ-DI in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm was similar to TNFi throughout the study. Patient Reported Outcomes Research Endpoints Results:  Improvements in Patient Reported Outcomes (PROs), i.e., SF-36v2, work productivity and activity impairment, and EQ-5D-3L and EQ-VAS, were observed at Month 3 (first post-baseline assessment) and sustained through the end of the study for all treatment arms.  For overall and domain level PROs, improvements were similar between the tofacitinib arms and TNFi arm. Safety Results:  Overall, the maximum time on treatment was balanced across the treatment arms; a slightly greater proportion of subjects received treatment for >10-20 months in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm. Primary endpoint – adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC  The pre-specified non-inferiority criterion for comparing the tofacitinib dose regimens combined and TNFi for malignancies excluding NMSC (primary comparison) was not met (HR [95% CI] 1.48 [1.04, 2.09]; as the upper bound of the 95% CI was >1.8).  The comparison between each tofacitinib dose regimen and TNFi was consistent with the result of the primary comparison.  All the pre-specified supportive analyses were consistent with and supportive to the primary analysis conclusion.  The IR of adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC were higher for North America vs RoW for each treatment arm. The observed difference between tofacitinib and TNFi was predominantly seen in the North American population.  Based on the pre-specified secondary comparison, there was no evidence of a difference in occurrence of adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC between the 2 tofacitinib treatment arms. The pre-specified criterion was met comparing tofacitinib 10 mg BID and tofacitinib 5 mg BID arms for adjudicated malignancies excluding NMSC.  Lung cancer and breast cancer (female only) were the types of cancer that contributed the highest numbers of adjudicated malignancies excluding NSMC. The most frequently reported blood-based malignancy was lymphoma. Primary endpoint – adjudicated MACE  The pre-specified criterion for comparing the tofacitinib dose regimens combined and TNFi for MACE (primary comparison) was not met (HR [95% CI] 1.33 [0.91, 1.94]; as the upper bound of the 95% CI was >1.8).  This was observed to be primarily due to an increase in the incidence of non-fatal myocardial infarction (MI) in the tofacitinib treatment arms compared to TNFi.  The comparison between each tofacitinib dose regimen and TNFi was consistent with the result of the primary comparison.  All the pre-specified supportive analyses were consistent with and supportive to the primary analysis conclusion.  Based on the pre-specified secondary comparison, there was no evidence of a difference in occurrence of MACE between the 2 tofacitinib treatment arms.  The most frequently reported MACE component was MI with most occurring in the tofacitinib-treated subjects. The incidence of stroke was similar for all treatment arms. Secondary safety endpoints  The most frequently reported treatment emergent AEs (TEAEs) across all treatment arms occurred in the Infections and infestations system organ class, and most frequently by preferred term (PT) were Upper respiratory tract infection, Bronchitis, and Urinary tract infection. The most frequently reported serious TEAEs across all treatment arms by PT were Pneumonia.  The rate of permanent study treatment discontinuation due to AEs was higher for subjects in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm, with similar rates between the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and TNFi arms.  The percentage of subjects with treatment-emergent SAEs were 24.1%, 26.8%, 25.5% and 21.1% for tofacitinib 5 mg BID, tofacitinib 10 mg BID, all tofacitinib, and TNFi arms, respectively.  Percentages increased for subjects in the older population (≥65 years) across all treatment arms.  A dose dependent increase in serious infections was observed in subjects in the tofacitinib arms compared to TNFi.  From a subgroup analysis by age, the IR of serious infection events was higher in older subjects (aged ≥65 years) in all treatment arms, and the higher IRs in the tofacitinib arms compared to the TNFi arm emerged more pronounced in this older population.  The IRs for adjudicated opportunistic infections (including herpes zoster and TB), opportunistic infections (excluding TB), and opportunistic infections (excluding herpes zoster and TB) each showed a dose-dependent increase in the 2 tofacitinib arms relative to that for the TNFi arm.  There were few cases of opportunistic TB (1 for tofacitinib 5 mg BID, 5 for tofacitinib 10 mg BID, and 5 for TNFi) and opportunistic infections excluding TB and herpes zoster (4 for tofacitinib 5 mg BID, 7 for tofacitinib 10 mg BID, and 3 for TNFi).  The IRs for all herpes zoster infections were higher for tofacitinib vs TNFi. IRs between tofacitinib 5 mg BID and tofacitinib 10 mg BID arms appeared to be similar with the exception of subjects in the older age group. In subjects aged ≥65 years, the IR was observed to be higher in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm than in the 5 mg BID arm.  The IRs for adjudicated opportunistic infections events were also observed to be  The IR of all adjudicated cardiovascular events (excluding MACE) was higher in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm, with similar IRs between the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm and TNFi arm.  A higher IR in both tofacitinib arms compared to TNFi, and a higher IR in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm vs tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm, were observed for all thromboembolic events (which includes adjudicated venous thromboembolism [VTE; adjudicated DVT {DVT} plus adjudicated pulmonary embolism {PE}] and arterial thromboembolism [ATE]).  The IRs of All ATE and Hypertension were similar among all treatment arms.  A higher IR in both tofacitinib arms compared to TNFi and evidence of a dose response were observed for adjudicated all-cause deaths.  The main cause of death in this cardiovascular-enriched population across all treatment arms were cardiovascular events, followed by infections and other causes.  A dose dependent increase in adjudicated hepatic events was observed in subjects treated with tofacitinib compared to TNF inhibitors, driven by a higher incidence of laboratory abnormalities.  A median increase from baseline over time in transaminase levels (alanine aminotransferase [ALT], aspartate aminotransferase [AST]) was observed for subjects in both tofacitinib arms, which was numerically higher than in the TNFi arm.  Overall, a greater proportion of subjects in the tofacitinib arms experienced elevated transaminase levels >1 × upper limit of normal (ULN). A higher proportion of subjects in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm had elevations of ALT and AST ≥3 × ULN and ALT and AST ≥5 × ULN.  There were no cases of Hy’s Law and no adjudicated hepatic events were assessed as highly likely related or definitely related to the study drug.  The IRs for adjudicated interstitial lung disease were similar across the treatment arms.  NMSC rates were observed to be higher for subjects in the tofacitinib arms in comparison to TNFi, with a similar IR between the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and 10 mg BID arms with the exception of cutaneous squamous cell carcinoma, which was higher in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm.  Rates of gastrointestinal perforations were similar between tofacitinib 10 mg BID and TNFi arms, and higher for tofacitinib 5 mg BID.  An overall median percentage increase from baseline over time was observed for lipid parameters (triglycerides, low density lipoprotein [LDL] cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and total cholesterol) in both tofacitinib arms, which was higher than in the TNFi arm. Furthermore, a greater median percentage increase from baseline in lipid parameters (triglycerides, LDL cholesterol, HDL cholesterol, and total cholesterol) was observed in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm than in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm.  A median percentage increase over time in the LDL cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio, and total cholesterol/HDL cholesterol ratio was also observed in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm at Month 12 through Month 36, with smaller changes observed in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and TNFi arms.  Overall, statin use was associated with a lower percentage change from baseline in fasting triglycerides, LDL and (total) cholesterol compared to those subjects with no statin use. Changes were greater in the tofacitinib arms relative to TNFi. In all cases (for subjects on statins and those not taking statins), a greater proportion of subjects in the tofacitinib arms reported fasting cholesterol elevations of ≥240 mmol/L at all timepoints compared to the TNFi arm.  Mean vital sign values (systolic and diastolic blood pressure, respiratory rate, pulse rate, body temperature) and body height and weight were stable across treatment arms throughout the study.  The number of subjects with abnormal electrocardiogram findings was similar across the treatment arms. Conclusions:  The pre-specified criterion for the primary comparison (comparing the tofacitinib dose regimens combined vs TNFi for malignancies excluding NMSC [total time analysis] and MACE [60-day on-treatment time analysis]) was not met.  The pre-specified criterion for the secondary comparison (comparing the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm vs tofacitinib 5 mg BID for malignancies excluding NMSC [total time analysis] and MACE [60-day on-treatment time analysis]) was met.  The rates of all-cause mortality were observed to be higher for the tofacitinib arms relative to TNFi, and higher in the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm compared to tofacitinib 5 mg BID. The main cause of death across all treatment arms were cardiovascular events.  The percentage of subjects with serious AEs were 24.1%, 26.8%, 25.5% and 21.1% for tofacitinib 5 mg BID, tofacitinib 10 mg BID, all tofacitinib, and TNFi arms, respectively. These percentages increased in the older population (≥65 years old) across all treatment arms.  The most frequently reported TEAEs across all treatment arms were in the SOC Infections and infestations.  The rate of study treatment discontinuation due to AEs was higher for tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm than other arms, with similar rates between the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and TNFi arms.  A dose dependent increase in serious infections was observed in subjects treated with tofacitinib compared to TNF inhibitors, and this difference was more pronounced in the older (≥65 years of age) population.  The IRs of opportunistic infections were higher in the tofacitinib arms relative to TNFi, driven by a higher incidence of herpes zoster. The rates for all herpes zoster and adjudicated herpes zoster infections were similar for both tofacitinib arms.  Dose dependent increases in the rates of VTE, including PE and DVT, were observed in subjects treated with tofacitinib compared to TNF inhibitors. All ATE rates were similar across all treatment arms.  The IR of adjudicated cardiovascular events excluding MACE was observed to be higher for the tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm, with similar rates between the tofacitinib 5 mg BID and TNFi arms.  A dose dependent increase in adjudicated hepatic events was observed in subjects treated with tofacitinib compared to TNF inhibitors, driven by higher rates of laboratory abnormalities.  The IRs for adjudicated interstitial lung disease were similar across the treatment arms.  Rates of gastrointestinal perforations were observed to be similar between tofacitinib 10 mg BID and TNFi arms, and higher for the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm.  NMSC rates were higher for tofacitinib arms in comparison to TNFi arm, with similar rates between the tofacitinib arms.  Overall, laboratory changes over time were consistent with expected tofacitinib effects.  Improvements across all the secondary efficacy endpoints including HAQ-DI were observed at Month 2 (first post-baseline assessment) and were sustained through the end of the study (up to 6 years) for all treatment arms. The tofacitinib 10 mg BID arm showed nominally significant, but only modestly, greater improvement than the TNFi arm by Month 2 across all the secondary efficacy endpoints and sustained through Year 2 for most efficacy endpoints. Efficacy responses in the tofacitinib 5 mg BID arm were generally similar to TNFi throughout the study across all the secondary efficacy  Improvements in PROs were observed at Month 3 across all treatment arms, which were sustained over time. Overall and domain level outcomes were similar between the tofacitinib and TNFi arms. 