Sponsor: Pfizer, Inc. Investigational Product: Axitinib and Pembrolizumab Clinical Study Report Synopsis: Protocol A4061079 Protocol Title: A PHASE 1B, OPEN LABEL, DOSE FINDING STUDY TO EVALUATE SAFETY, PHARMACOKINETICS AND PHARMACODYNAMICS OF AXITINIB (AG-013736) IN COMBINATION WITH PEMBROLIZUMAB (MK-3475) IN PATIENTS WITH ADVANCED RENAL CELL CANCER Ulka Mortazavi. *Did not enroll patients for the study Study Center(s): In total 10 centers in the Unites States of which one center did not enroll patients for the study. Publications Based on the Study: Atkins MB, Plimack ER, Puzanov I, et al. Axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with advanced renal cell cancer: a non- randomised, open-label, dose-finding, and dose-expansion phase 1b trial. Lancet Oncol. 2018;19(3):405-15. Study Initiation and Completion Dates: Study Initiation Date: First Subject First Visit (FSFV): 16 SEPTEMBER 2014; Primary Completion Date: Data snapshot date: 31 MARCH 2017; Study Completion Date: Last Subject Last Visit (LSLV): 03 July 2019. Report Date: 24 Feb 2020 Previous Report Dates: Not Applicable Phase of Development: Phase 1b STUDY OBJECTIVES Primary Objective: ! To assess the safety and tolerability of axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with previously untreated advanced renal cell cancinoma (aRCC) in order to estimate the maximum tolerated dose (MTD) and select the recommended Phase 2 dose (RP2D). Secondary Objectives: ! To evaluate the overall safety profile of axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab. ! To assess the anti-tumor activity of axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with aRCC in the first-line treatment setting. ! To characterize the pharmacokinetics (PK) of axitinib and axitinib plus pembrolizumab when administered in combination and to assess the effect of pembrolizumab on the PK of axitinib. ! To characterize, using translational approaches, genes and proteins such as programmed death ligand 1 (PD-L1), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-A , and interleukin-8 (IL-8) relevant to the angiogenesis drug target pathway, RCC biology, and sensitivity/resistance mechanisms to axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in tumor and/or blood. ! To explore the pharmacodynamic effect of axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in blood and tumor by assessment of gene, ribonucleic acids and proteins including but not limited to VEGF-A, IL-8, vascular endothelial growth factor receptor (VEGFR)-2, and T-cell receptors. ! To assess the immunogenicity of pembrolizumab. After completion of the primary analysis of Study A4061079 and confirmation that the primary study objective was met, patients who were still showing clinical benefit from study treatment according to the Investigators were candidates for continued treatment. The purpose of this supplemental Clinical Study Report (sCSR) is to provide the final planned analysis of overall survival data, pharmacokinetic, pharmacodynamic, and selected safety data collected up to the LSLV, 03 July 2019. METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 1b, open-label, single-arm, multi-center, multiple-dose, safety, efficacy, PK and pharmacodynamics study of axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in adult patients with previously untreated aRCC. This clinical study estimated the MTD in patients with aRCC with clear cell histology who did not receive any prior systemic therapy for their advanced disease, using the modified toxicity probability interval method. The Dose Finding Phase led to the identification of an Expansion Test Dose for axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab which was evaluated in the Dose Expansion Phase. The Expansion Test Dose was either the MTD (ie, the highest dose of axitinib and pembrolizumab associated with the occurrence of dose-limiting toxicities in <33% of patients) or the RP2D (ie, the highest tested dose that was declared safe and tolerable by the Investigators and Sponsor). Anti-tumor activity was assessed by radiologic tumor assessments conducted at baseline, 12 weeks, and every 6 weeks thereafter, using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid Tumors (RECIST) version 1.1. Patients were monitored closely for toxicity and, in the event of significant toxicity, dosing could have been delayed and/or reduced. Based on the known safety profile of axitinib, blood pressure (BP) and thyroid function were monitored throughout the treatment period. Based on data emerging from studies of VEGF tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) given in combination with programmed death receptor-1 (PD-1) inhibitors, liver function tests were monitored closely for the first 3 cycles. Axitinib and pembrolizumab dose modification and supportive care for drug-related toxicities including immune-related adverse events (AEs) were provided. Patients with unacceptable toxicity attributed to one of the two drugs were eligible for continued treatment with the other drug (after discussion between the Investigator and the Sponsor). Approximately 60 patients (including Dose Finding Phase and Dose Expansion Phase) were expected to be enrolled in the study. Axitinib was given orally twice daily (BID), with or without food, on a continuous dosing schedule. Pembrolizumab was given as a 30-minute intravenous (IV) infusion every 3 weeks (Q3W). The dose amount required to prepare the infusion solution was based on the patient’s weight in kilograms. In all patients, treatment with study drugs was continued until confirmed disease progression, patient refusal, patient loss to follow up, or unacceptable toxicity, whichever occurred first, or the study was terminated by the Sponsor. After discontinuation of treatment and mandated 28-day follow-up, patients were followed to collect information on further antineoplastic therapy and survival. Diagnosis and Main Criteria for Inclusion: Male and female patients aged ≥18 years and with an Eastern Cooperative Oncology Group (ECOG) performance status (PS) of 0 or 1 with the following diagnoses were considered eligible for inclusion in the study: ! Histologically or cytologically confirmed aRCC with predominantly clear cell subtype. ! Primary tumor resected. ! Mandatory archival tumor biospecimen (all patients) and baseline de novo biopsy from a ! At least 1 measurable lesion as defined by RECIST version 1.1. ! No evidence of pre-existing uncontrolled hypertension. ! Adequate renal function, bone marrow, and liver function. Patients with prior therapy as described below were not allowed: ! Prior systemic therapy directed at aRCC. ! Prior adjuvant or neoadjuvant therapy if disease progression or relapse had occurred during or within 12 months after the last dose of treatment. ! Prior axitinib therapy. ! Prior therapy with an anti-PD-1, anti-PD-L1, anti-PD-L2, anti-CD137, or anti-cytotoxic T-lymphocyte-associated antigen-4 antibody (including ipilimumab or any other antibody or drug specifically targeting T-cell co-stimulation or checkpoint pathways). Study Treatment: All study treatment was administered on an outpatient basis. Axitinib was administered orally BID at approximately 12 hours apart at the same time in the morning and evening with or without food on a continuous daily dosing schedule. Axitinib was supplied as 1 mg and 5 mg film-coated tablets. Pembrolizumab was administered on Day 1 of each cycle after all procedures/assessments were completed. Pembrolizumab was supplied in single-use vials containing 100 mg/4 mL sterile solution for IV administration. The Dose Finding Phase starting dose for axitinib was 5 mg BID and for pembrolizumab was 2 mg/kg IV (adjusted for patient’s weight) Q3W. The Dose Expansion Phase dose was the RP2D. Efficacy Evaluations: The efficacy endpoint results were reported in the primary CSR. An updated analysis of the secondary endpoint of overall survival (OS) is reported in the present sCSR. Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic, Pharmacogenomic, and/or Other Evaluations: Plasma/serum samples were obtained from patients for PK analysis of axitinib and pembrolizumab antibodies depending on the treatment cohort that they belonged to. Samples for pembrolizumab PK and anti-pembrolizumab-anti-drug-antibodies were collected from all patients in the study. Axitinib PK samples were collected from all patients in the Dose Finding Phase and at least 8 patients in the Dose Expansion Phase. A key objective of the biomarker analyses was to investigate candidate biomarkers that may have predictive value in identifying those patients who may benefit from treatment with pembrolizumab when used in combination with a VEGF-pathway inhibitor. In addition, analyses of sequentially obtained tissue and blood biomarkers were to provide an opportunity to investigate pharmacodynamic effects. Samples collected at the end-of-treatment visit were to help understand potential mechanisms of resistance to the drug combination. Safety Evaluations: Safety evaluations included clinical monitoring, vital signs (heart rate, BP), physical examination, 12-lead electrocardiograms, AEs, serious adverse events (SAEs), and laboratory tests. Assessment of AEs included the type, incidence, severity (graded by the National Cancer Institute [NCI] Common Terminology Criteria for Adverse Events [CTCAE] version 4.03), timing, seriousness, and relatedness. Laboratory tests were collected and analyzed at local laboratories. Patients had a physical examination that included examination of major body systems, weight, BP, pulse rate, and height. Statistical Methods: Efficacy OS was summarized using the Kaplan-Meier method and displayed graphically. The median event time and 2-sided 95% confidence interval (CI), calculated using the Brookmeyer- Crowley method, were provided. Safety For all safety analyses, only descriptive methods were used without any formal statistical tests. Adverse events were graded by the Investigator according to the NCI CTCAE version 4.03 and coded using the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities version 22.0. The focus of AE summaries was on treatment-emergent AEs, defined as deaths or serious AEs occurring from start of treatment until 28 days after the last dose or other non-serious AEs occurring after treatment start up until 28 days after the last dose or until start of new anti-cancer treatment, whichever occurred first. The number and percentage of patients who experienced any AE, SAE, treatment-related AE, and treatment-related SAE were summarized according to worst toxicity grades. The summaries presented AEs for the entire study period. RESULTS Patient Demography and Disposition: A total of 10 centers in the US participated in the study, of which 9 centers enrolled patients. The first patient’s first visit was on 16 September 2014; the last patient’s last visit was on 03 July 2019 (Study Completion Date). At the time of data cutoff of 31 March 2017 for the primary efficacy analysis, the median age of the patients was 63.0 years; most of the patients were male (78.8%). A total of 45 (86.5%) patients were White, 4 (7.7%) patients were Asian, 2 (3.8%) patients were of other race, and 1 (1.9%) patient was Black. The ECOG PS was 0 for 39 (75%) patients and 1 for 10 (19.2%) patients; for a total of 3 (5.8%) patients, no ECOG PS was reported. The Heng criteria were reported as being favorable for 24 (46.2%) patients, intermediate for 23 (44.2%) patients, and A total of 52 patients were enrolled into the study and treated; the first 11 patients enrolled constituted the Dose Finding Phase (Table S1). All 52 (100%) patients were analyzed for safety, ie, for AEs and laboratory data. All patients had discontinued the study; of these, 13 (25.0%) patients discontinued due to death, unrelated to study treatment. Table S1. Patient Evaluation Group – All Patients Axitinib + Pembrolizumabn (%) Assigned to Study Treatment 52 Treated 52 (100.0) Discontinueda 52 (100.0) Remain on Axitinib and Pembrolizumab 0 Remain on Axitinib only 0 Remain on Pembrolizumab only 0 Analyzed for Safety: Adverse events 52 (100.0) Laboratory data 52 (100.0) Per Protocol Analysis (Evaluable for DLT) 11 (21.2) Response Evaluable Analysis Set 52 (100.0) PD-L1 Biomarker Analysis Set 48 (92.3) PK Concentration Population 34 (65.4) PK Parameter Population 33 (63.5) DiscontinuationsPatient died 13b (25.0) Lost to follow-up 2 (3.8) Other 32 (61.5) Patient refused further follow-up 5b (9.6) Note: Percentage is based on the number of patients assigned to study treatment. Per protocol analysis population only included Dose-Finding Phase cohort patients. Abbreviations: DLT = dose-limiting toxicity; n = number of patients affected; PD-L1 = programmed death- ligand 1; PK = pharmacokinetics. a. Patients who discontinued from both axitinib and pembrolizumab b. Patient 10031010 withdrew consent for study follow-up on 24 April 2016. His last dose was on 20 April 2016. On 01 May 2016, 11 days after his last dose, the patient died due to disease under study. Efficacy Results: Overall Survival As of the Study Completion Date, a total of 14 (26.9%) patients died, of whom 11 patients died due to the disease under study and 3 patients died due to unknown or other causes. The probability of being event free at Month 12 was 96.1% (95% CI: 85.2, 99.0) and at Month 18 was 94.1% (95% CI: 82.9, 98.1). The median for OS was not reached as of the Study Completion Date. Pharmacokinetic, Pharmacodynamic, Pharmacogenomic, Immunogenicity and/or Other Results: There was no association between CD8 expression levels at baseline and response categories; however, there was a trend toward higher CD8 percent positive T cells at baseline (median of 13.18%) being associated with longer progression-free survival (Hazard Ratio=0.317; 95% CI: 0.094, 1.068; 2-sided p=0.051). Analysis of serum circulating protein biomarkers revealed that higher CXCL10 (also referred to as gamma interferon induced protein-10) concentrations at baseline were associated with clinical response. When assessing the T-cell receptor repertoire dynamics in the peripheral blood in association with objective response category or clinical outcomes, no association was demonstrated. Safety Results: No new safety signals were identified with axitinib in combination with pembrolizumab in patients with previously untreated aRCC; the safety profile was consistent with the known safety profiles of both study drugs when used as single agents. Extent of Exposure Patients received axitinib for a median of 21.5 cycles (range: 1 to 64 cycles) and pembrolizumab for a median of 24.5 cycles (range: 1 to 56 cycles). The median average daily dose was 8.4 mg (range: 4.2 to 13.8 mg) for axitinib and median average dose per cycle for pembrolizumab was 2.0 mg/kg (range: 1.9 - 2.1 mg/kg). The median days on treatment were 467.0 days for axitinib and 540.5 days for pembrolizumab. The median days on treatment with combination therapy (axitinib + pembrolizumab) was 440 days in 52 patients, median days on treatment with pembrolizumab after discontinuation of axitinib was 274 days in 10 patients, and median days on treatment with axitinib after discontinuation of pembrolizumab was 228 days in 11 patients. Treatment-Emergent Adverse Events All patients experienced at least 1 treatment-emergent adverse event (TEAE) in the entire study period. The most common TEAEs reported during the entire study period were diarrhea (44 [84.6%] patients), fatigue (42 [80.8%] patients), hypertension (28 [53.8%] patients), cough (25 [48.1%] patients), and dysphonia (25 [48.1%] patients). The TEAEs with Grade 3 or 4 severity were reported in 38 (73.1%) patients in the entire study period. The number and percentage of patients who discontinued either of the study drugs (axitinib or pembrolizumab) due to AEs were 20 (38.5%) patients: 17 (32.7%) patients discontinued axitinib and 13 (25.0%) patients discontinued pembrolizumab. The number and percentage of patients with AEs leading to dose reduction of either of the study drugs were 18 (34.6%) patients: 16 (30.8%) patients had a dose reduction of axitinib and 4 (7.7%) patients had a dose reduction of pembrolizumab. The number and percentage of patients with temporary discontinuation of either of the study drugs due to AEs was 44 (84.6%) patients in the entire study period. Deaths A total of 14 (26.9%) patients died: 11 (21.2%) deaths were due to disease under study, 2 (3.8%) deaths were due to unknown causes, and 1 (1.9%) death due to medical procedure. Of these 14 deaths, 13 (25.0%) patients died more than 90 days after last dose and 1 death occurred on treatment. Other Serious Adverse Events Treatment-emergent SAEs were reported in 29 (55.8%) patients; 6 (11.5%) patients discontinued due to an SAE. The most often reported treatment-emergent SAEs in the entire study period were diarrhoea reported for 6 (11.5%) patients, dyspnoea reported for 4 (7.7%) patients, and alanine aminotransferase increased and colitis reported for 3 (5.8%) patients each. Clinical Laboratory Evaluation A total of 43 (82.7%) patients had a clinical laboratory test result (including biopsies), radiologic test result, physical examination observation, and/or physiologic test result (eg, pulmonary function test) reported as an AE. The most often reported TEAEs in System Organ Class INVESTIGATIONS in the entire study period were alanine aminotransferase increased for 23 (44.2%) patients, aspartate aminotransferase increased for 19 (36.5%) patients, weight decreased for 18 (34.6%) patients, blood creatinine increased for 16 (30.8%) patients, lymphocyte count decreased for 8 (15.4%) patients, and platelet count decreased for 8 (15.4%) patients. CONCLUSIONS In general, the AEs were tolerable and clinically manageable with standard of care treatments, dose interruptions, or dose reductions. Overall, the combination of axitinib and pembrolizumab is safe and tolerable demonstrating promising anti-tumor effects in treatment naïve patients with aRCC. The benefit/risk profile for axitinib and pembrolizumab was favorable for this patient population. 