Vaccine Name and Compound Number: Complementary 7-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine, PF-06842433 Report Title: Final Report: A Phase 2, Randomized, Open-Label Trial to Evaluate the Safety and Immunogenicity of a Multivalent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine Given With, or Separately From, 13-valent Pneumococcal Conjugate Vaccine in Healthy Infants Protocol Number: C3571002 Sponsor: Pfizer Inc Phase of Development: Phase 2 First Subject First Visit: 01 June 2018 Last Subject Last Visit: 05 November 2020 Serology Completion Date: 20 October 2020 Coordinating Investigator(s): MD Acevedo Clinical Research Associates 2400 NW 54th St Miami, FL 33142 United States Study Center(s): 39 study centers in the United States. Refer to Appendix 16.1.4.1 for a list of sites involved in this study. Date of Current Version: 23 March 2021 Date(s) of Previous Report(s): Not applicable OBJECTIVES Study Objectives and Endpoints: Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints Exploratory    Table S1. Study Objectives and Endpoints METHODS Study Design: This was a Phase 2, multicenter, randomized, active-controlled, open-label study with a 3 arm parallel design, conducted at investigator sites in the United States. Five hundred sixty-five infants ≥42 to ≤98 days old were randomized (1:1:1) to receive a vaccine series with either complementary 7-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccine (c7vPnC) coadministered with Prevnar 13 (Group 1 – c7vPnC Coadministered group), c7vPnC given 1 month after Prevnar 13 (Group 2 – c7vPnC Separated group); or Prevnar 13 alone as the active control group (Group 3 – Prevnar 13 Control group, with Supplemental Dose of c7vPnC). A single dose of c7vPnC was administered after the Prevnar 13 series was completed in this group. In all groups, Prevnar 13 was administered at 2, 4, 6, and 12 months of age. c7vPnC was administered at 2, 4, 6, and 12 months of age in the c7vPnC Coadministered group; at 3, 5, 7, and 13 months of age in the c7vPnC Separated group; and at 13 months of age in the Prevnar 13 Control group. Note: In this document, and related study documents, vaccine (investigational product) Doses 1, 2, 3, and 4 specifically refer to the doses of c7vPnC administered in the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups, or the doses of Prevnar 13 administered in the Prevnar 13 Control group. The single dose of c7vPnC in the Prevnar 13 Control group is referred to as the Supplemental Dose. Vaccine containing diphtheria, tetanus, and acellular pertussis (DTaP) antigens was administered concomitantly with Doses 1 to 3 in the c7vPnC Coadministered and Prevnar 13 Control groups, and with the first 3 Prevnar 13 doses in the c7vPnC Separated group. Pediarix™, which met the diphtheria, tetanus, and acellular pertussis requirements and also contained polio and hepatitis B, was supplied to the sites for this purpose. Other routine pediatric vaccines were administered as specified in the protocol as well. All other vaccines were administered into a limb other than the site of c7vPnC in the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups or the Prevnar 13 doses or c7vPnC Supplemental Dose in the Prevnar 13 Control group. Injectable concomitant vaccines in c7vPnC Separated group were administered with the Prevnar 13 doses. Safety and immunogenicity were assessed in the study. Local reactions (redness, swelling, and pain) at the injection site and systemic events (fever, decreased appetite, drowsiness/increased sleep, and irritability) were prompted for and collected by an electronic diary (e-diary; device or application) from Day 1 to Day 7 following Doses 1 to 4 and the Supplemental Dose. Use of antipyretic/pain medications from Day 1 to Day 7 following vaccination was also collected in an e-diary. Adverse events (AEs) were collected from the time of informed consent to 1 month after Dose 3 and from Dose 4 to 1 month after Dose 4 or 1 month after the Supplemental Dose in the Prevnar 13 Control group. Serious adverse events (SAEs) and newly diagnosed chronic medical conditions (NDCMCs) were collected from the time of informed consent through 6 months after Dose 4 or the Supplemental Dose. Blood was drawn for immunogenicity assessments 1 month after Dose 3, prior to receipt of Dose 4, and 1 month after Dose 4 and the Supplemental Dose in the Prevnar 13 Control group. In the c7vPnC Separated group, blood was also collected prior to Dose 3 to assess immunogenicity. Inclusion/Exclusion Criteria: Key inclusion criteria are as follows: 1. Evidence of a personally signed and dated informed consent document (ICD) indicating that the participant’s legally acceptable representative (LAR) has been informed of all pertinent aspects of the study. 2. Male or female infant born at >36 weeks of gestation and 2 months (≥42 to ≤98 days) of age at the time of consent (the day of birth is considered day of life 1). 3. Healthy infant determined by medical history, physical examination, and clinical judgment. Key exclusion criteria are as follows: 1. Previous vaccination with licensed or investigational pneumococcal vaccine. 2. Contraindication to immunization with diphtheria, tetanus, pertussis, or 13-valent pneumococcal conjugate vaccines, according to each vaccine’s product information. 3. History of microbiologically proven invasive disease caused by S pneumoniae. 4. Significant neurological disorder or history of seizure including febrile seizure, or significant stable or evolving disorders such as cerebral palsy, encephalopathy, hydrocephalus, or other significant disorders. Does not include resolving syndromes due to birth trauma, such as Erb’s palsy and/or hypotonic-hyporesponsive episodes. 5. Other acute or chronic medical or psychiatric condition or laboratory abnormality that may increase the risk associated with study participation or investigational product administration or may interfere with the interpretation of study results and, in the judgment of the investigator, would make the participant inappropriate for entry into this study. 6. Participants who receive treatment with immunosuppressive therapy, including cytotoxic agents or systemic corticosteroids, or planned receipt through the last study visit. If systemic corticosteroids had been administered short term (<14 days) for treatment of an acute illness, participants should not have been enrolled into the study until corticosteroid therapy had been discontinued for at least 28 days before investigational product administration. Inhaled/nebulized, intra-articular, intrabursal, or topical (skin, eyes, or ears) corticosteroids are permitted. 7. Participants with known or suspected immunodeficiency or other conditions associated with immunosuppression, including, but not limited to, immunoglobulin class/subclass deficiencies, DiGeorge syndrome, generalized malignancy, human immunodeficiency virus infection, leukemia, lymphoma, or organ or bone marrow transplant. Vaccines Administered: c7vPnC for the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups and the Supplemental Dose (Prevnar 13 Control group), and Prevnar 13 (control) in the Prevnar 13 Control group, were administered into the thigh of the left leg as specified below:  c7vPnC Coadministered group: Each dose (0.5 mL) of c7vPnC was administered intramuscularly (IM) into the anterolateral thigh muscle of the left leg and each dose (0.5 mL) of Prevnar 13 was administered IM into the anterolateral thigh muscle of the right leg.  c7vPnC Separated group: Each dose (0.5 mL) of Prevnar 13 (given 1 month before the c7vPnC dose) was administered IM into the anterolateral thigh muscle of the right leg and each dose (0.5 mL) of c7vPnC was administered IM into the anterolateral thigh muscle of the left leg.  Prevnar 13 Control group: Prevnar 13 (0.5 mL) was administered IM into the anterolateral thigh muscle of the left leg and at the applicable visit the Supplemental Dose (0.5 mL) of c7vPnC were administered IM into the left leg.. Immunogenicity Evaluations: Blood samples (approximately 5 mL/visit) for immunogenicity assessments were collected from all participants 1 month after Dose 3, prior to Dose 4, 1 month after Dose 4, and 1 month after the Supplemental Dose (in the Prevnar 13 Control group). In the c7vPnC Separated group, blood was also collected prior to Dose 3. Concentrations of anticapsular polysaccharide IgG antibodies for the 7 vaccine serotypes (8, 10A, 11A, 12F, 15B, 22F, and 33F) were determined on sera collected at each blood draw in all participants, except for the blood draw prior to Dose 3, 1 month after the third dose of Prevnar 13 in the c7vPnC Separated group. IgG antibodies for the 13 Prevnar 13 serotypes (1, 3, 4, 5, 6A, 6B, 7F, 9V, 14, 18C, 19A, 19F, and 23F) were determined on sera collected at each blood draw in all participants, except for 1 month after Doses 3 and 4 of c7vPnc in the c7vPnC Separated group, and 1 month after the Supplemental Dose of c7vPnC in the Prevnar 13 Control group. The serotype-specific IgG concentrations were measured by Pfizer’s Luminex based assay. Safety Evaluations: The participant’s LAR was asked to monitor and record local reactions (redness, swelling, and pain at the injection site), specific systemic events (decreased appetite, drowsiness/increased sleep, and irritability), and antipyretics/pain medication taken for Acute reactions within the first 30 minutes after Doses 1 to 4 in all groups, and the Supplemental Dose of c7vPnC in the Prevnar 13 Control group, were assessed and documented as AEs or SAEs in the case report form, as appropriate. In addition, AEs were collected through 1 month after Dose 3 and from Dose 4 through 1 month after Dose 4 or 1 month after the Supplemental Dose in the Prevnar 13 Control group, and NDCMCs and SAEs were reported from the time the participant provided informed consent through 6 months after Dose 4/Supplemental Dose. Statistical Methods: Descriptive statistics were used to summarize demographic characteristics, immunogenicity endpoints, and reactogenicity. AEs were categorized according to the Medical Dictionary for Regulatory Activities (MedDRA) and were summarized by vaccine group. Immunogenicity Analysis: Proportions (and 2-sided 95% confidence intervals [CIs]) of participants with serotype-specific IgG concentrations equal to or above the reference concentrations at 1 month after Dose 3 were provided for each vaccine group. The 95% CI was obtained using the Clopper-Pearson method. IgG geometric mean concentrations (GMCs) and their 2-sided 95% CIs for each vaccine group were obtained by taking the means and the 95% CIs of log transformed IgG concentrations, calculated based on the Student's t-distribution, then exponentiating the mean and the confidence limits at 1 month after Dose 3, 1 month after Dose 4, and before and 1 month after the Supplemental Dose. Safety Analysis: All tolerability and safety summaries were provided by vaccine groups. The 95% CI for binary endpoints was computed for each group using the Clopper-Pearson method. RESULTS Subject Disposition and Demography: A total of 565 participants were randomized. Five hundred twelve participants from 39 sites, and 53 participants from 2 sites terminated early Dose 1 to Dose 3: Four hundred eight-four (94.5%) participants received Dose 1 of c7vPnC. The percentages of participants from the c7vPnC Separated group who received Dose 1, Dose 2, or Dose 3 vaccination schedule in the c7vPnC Separated group. Four hundred twenty-four (82.8%) participants received Dose 3, and 376 (73.4%) completed the visit 1 month after Dose 3. Eighty-nine (17.4%) participants were withdrawn from the study before the visit 1 month after Dose 3; the most common reason was withdrawal by parent/guardian (53 [10.4%] participants). Seven (1.4%) participants completed Dose 3 but were discontinued before the 1 month visit after Dose 3 and were categorized as withdrawn due to “Study (procedures) terminated by sponsor” per early termination case report form instructions. Dose 4/Supplemental Dose: Two hundred ninety-six (57.8%) participants received Dose 4 and 238 (46.5%) participants completed the visit 1 month after Dose 4; 37 (7.2%) participants were withdrawn from the study after Dose 4 but before the visit 1 month after Dose 4. Less participants in the c7vPnC Separated group received Dose 4 than the other 2 vaccine groups. Eighty-eight (52.4%) participants received the Supplemental Dose and 66 (39.3%) participants completed the visit 1 month after the Supplemental Dose; 15 (8.9%) participants were withdrawn from the study after the 1 month visit after Dose 4 but before the 1 month visit after the Supplemental Dose. Three hundred eighty-nine (76.0%) participants completed the 6-month follow-up telephone contact. Two hundred seventy-six (53.9%) participants completed all visits. One hundred twenty-two (23.8%) participants were withdrawn from the study after the 1 month visit after Dose 3 but before the 6-month follow-up telephone contact; the most common reason for withdrawal was the study procedures (vaccinations and blood draws) were terminated by the sponsor. Participants from Terminated Sites: Two sites were terminated early due to serious quality events. evaluable immunogenicity populations/analyses. Demographics: The study population consisted of racially diverse, male and female participants aged 43 to 126 days, with mean ages of 65.9, 95.1, and 64.9 days at Dose 1 for the c7vPnC the c7vPnC Separated group at Dose 1 was approximately 1 month older than the c7vPnC Coadministered and Prevnar 13 Control groups, which was consistent with the vaccination schedule. The demographic characteristics for sex, race, and ethnicity among the 3 vaccine groups were similar. The percentages of participants of Hispanic/Latino ethnicity (47.6% to 52.0%) from the 3 vaccine groups were consistently higher than the general United States infant population. Immunogenicity Results:  c7vPnC induced robust pneumococcal immune responses to all c7vPnC serotypes 1 month after Dose 3 and Dose 4 in both the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups as measured by both the proportions of participants with prespecified serotype-specific IgG concentrations and the IgG GMCs.  This study was not designed for formal comparisons between the c7vPnC groups. However, the IgG immune responses after Dose 3 to c7vPnC in the c7vPnC Separated group were observed to be higher than in the c7vPnC Coadministered group.  In contrast to Dose 3, the IgG GMCs after Dose 4 were slightly higher for most serotypes in the c7vPnC Coadministered group than in the c7vPnC Separated group.  IgG concentrations to all c7vPnC serotypes declined between 1 month after Dose 3 and before Dose 4, and then increased again 1 month after Dose 4 in both the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups. The antibody levels at 1 month after Dose 4 were similar to or only slightly higher than the levels after Dose 3, with little boosting particularly in the c7vPnC Separated group.        Safety Results:  c7vPnC was well tolerated, and there were acceptable rates of local reactions and systemic events after vaccination with c7vPnC in the c7vPnC Coadministered and c7vPnC Separated groups. Most were mild or moderate in severity and resolved within 1 to 3 days.  There appeared to be a milder tolerability profile in the c7vPnC Separated group. This may in part be explained by the fact that Doses 1 to 4 in the c7vPnC Coadministered and Prevnar 13 Control groups were administered with permitted nonstudy vaccines, while the c7vPnC Separated group received permitted nonstudy vaccines with the intervening Prevnar 13 doses and not Doses 1 to 4.  Proportions of participants reporting any AE were low and similar in the c7vPnC Coadministered, c7vPnC Separated, and Prevnar 13 Control groups. Upper respiratory tract infection, otitis media, and bronchiolitis were the most frequently reported AEs.  One participant reported 1 AE that was considered related to vaccination in the SOC of skin and subcutaneous disorders. Few severe AEs were reported. No immediate AEs were reported.  None of the SAEs or NDCMCs reported during the study were considered related to vaccination. One participant was withdrawn from the study for safety-related reasons and there were no deaths during the study. Conclusions: c7vPnC induced robust and functional immune responses for all 7 serotypes, which were boosted after Dose 4. c7vPnC was well tolerated, and there were no substantial clinical differences in the tolerability and safety profile of c7vPnC compared to Prevnar 13. 